The Academy Entrance Arc (忍者学校入学編, Akademī Nyūgaku-hen), also known as the Academy Arc (アカデミー編, Akademī-hen) and The Ghost Incident (ゴースト事件, Gōsuto Jiken), is the first arc of the Boruto: Naruto Next Generations anime. It covers episodes 1 to 15 and is followed by the Sarada Uchiha Arc. It revolves around Boruto Uzumaki's early days at the Academy and Nue causing incidents throughout Konohagakure. This arc was also adapted into three light novels, with The New Leaves Soaring Through the Blue Sky! (青天を翔る新たな木の葉たち!, Seiten o Kakeru Aratana Konoha-tachi!) covering episodes 1 to 6, to A Call from the Shadows! (影からの呼び声!, Kage Kara no Yobigoe!) covering episodes 7 to 11, to lastly Those Who Illuminate the Night of Shinobi! (忍の夜を照らす者!, Shinobi no Yoru o Terasu Mono!) covering episodes 12 to 15. Summary Several weeks after Nue's attack, Boruto notices his dōjutsu has stopped activating. At Senju Park, Naruto, Sai and Shikamaru discuss Sumire. At the Academy, Shino notifies his students that Sumire won't be participating in shinobi training for the time being. Tasking his students to form three person teams, Ino–Shika–Chō group up together, followed by Boruto constructing a team with Mitsuki and Metal. After class, Shino questions Sumire's fate to Iruka, and offers to take her under his guidance. When Boruto returns home, his discusses Sumire with Naruto. Later, Shino meets Sumire in her cell and offers her support and guidance. The next day, Shino has his students compete against eachother in the three man teams they formed. During the training, Shino runs off to meet with Sumire, during which Boruto's team begins fighting against Shikadai's. The fight ends with the Academy's scaffolding collapsing and Boruto winning the match for his team. When Shino returns with Sumire, her class welcomes her back. During the night, Naruto has one of his clones met with Sasuke to give him Intel on the Gozu Tennō. Before departing, Sasuke asks Naruto to tell his wife that he is sorry. On the moon, Toneri awaits for the arrival of gods. Elsewhere, Kinshiki informs Momoshiki about abnormalities committed by Kaguya, leading to them preparing to depart to Earth. Episodes