The main character, Naruto Uzumaki, as he grows through the first two parts of the series. The plot of the Naruto series is told across several different time periods, known as Part I, Part II, the Blank Period, New Era: Part I, and New Era: Part II. These time periods are themselves broken into several story arcs comprised of manga chapters, anime episodes, and/or other media types. This article attempts to present these sections of the story in order, though the chronology sometimes differs between different adaptations of the same material. Contents 1 Part I 1.1 Standalone Episodes 1.2 Manga Omake 1.3 Deaths 2 Kakashi Gaiden 2.1 Deaths 3 Part II 3.1 Standalone Episodes 3.2 Manga Omake 3.3 Deaths 4 Blank Period 4.1 Manga Omake 4.2 Deaths 5 New Era: Part I 5.1 Standalone Episodes 5.2 Manga Omake 5.3 Deaths 6 New Era: Part II 7 Trivia 8 References Part I Note: Chapter numbers refer to the original Naruto manga and episode numbers refer to the original Naruto anime. Standalone Episodes Manga Omake "At the Ichiraku…" "The New Erotic Ninjutsu Completed!!" "The Real True Face…!!" "Naruto Gaiden: Whirlwind in the Vortex" Deaths Kakashi Gaiden Main article: Kakashi Gaiden Kakashi Gaiden (カカシ外伝, Viz: Kakashi Chronicles, literally meaning: Kakashi Side Story), known as The Kakashi Side Story ~ A Boy's Life on the Battlefield ~ (カカシ外伝～戦場のボーイズライフ～, Kakashi Gaiden ~Senjō no Bōizu Raifu~) in the anime, is an arc of the series, which functions as an intermission between Parts I and II of the manga. It was later adapted into two Shippūden episodes: 119 and 120. This arc explores how Kakashi Hatake gained his Sharingan. In the manga, it is preceded by the Sasuke Recovery Mission and followed by the Kazekage Rescue Mission. In the anime, this arc takes place in the middle of the Itachi Pursuit Mission. Deaths Part II Note: Chapter numbers refer to the original Naruto manga and episode numbers refer to the Naruto: Shippūden anime. Standalone Episodes Manga Omake "The Revelation of Kakashi's True Face" "Road to Naruto the Movie" Deaths Blank Period Note: Episode numbers refer to the Naruto: Shippūden anime. Manga Omake "After The Last" "The Rest" "The Beast that was Shot by Love!!" Deaths New Era: Part I Note: Unless indicated otherwise, chapter numbers refer to the Boruto: Naruto Next Generations manga and episode numbers refer to the Boruto: Naruto Next Generations anime. Standalone Episodes Manga Omake "Boruto: Road to B" "The Day Naruto Became Hokage" "Naruto Gaiden: The Road Illuminated by the Full Moon" Deaths New Era: Part II Note: Unless indicated otherwise, chapter numbers refer to the Boruto: Two Blue Vortex manga. Trivia Gaara died during the Kazekage Rescue Mission after Akatsuki extracted his tailed beast from inside him. He was, however, revived by Chiyo. In a similar manner Fukasaku, Kakashi Hatake, Shizune and several other unnamed Konoha shinobi died during Pain's Assault. They were, however, revived by Nagato's Outer Path: Samsara of Heavenly Life Technique.