attacks to the point where the puppets overheat and temporarily shut down from continuous firing. While instructing Team 7 to destroy the puppet's power supplies, Katasuke shares guilt upon learning by Ibiki that he may have leaked intel while under a genjutsu. Ao's Assault Ao prepares to attack. In a cave, Konohamaru tends to Mugino's injuries. Team 7 finds them, and they catch each other up on what happened. While Konohamaru attempts to let Katasuke analyse the data acquired, they are interrupted by Ao. Ao points a weapon at the group and asks about the contents of the container. Konohamaru refuses to share intel from a mission, so Ao opens fire against them. After Katasuke absorbs the attacks with Konohamaru breaking Ao's weapon, Konohamaru asks about the container and Kara. Knowing of the team's intel on Kara, Ao attacks the group, only to be stopped by Mugino. As Mugino holds on to Ao and instructs the group to leave, Ao pierces Mugino with a hidden tool in his arm. As Mugino collapses the cave while holding onto Ao, the remainder of the team escape. Ao breaks free from the rubble, and vows to kill them all. While hiding in an abandoned structure, Sarada tends to Konohamaru's wounds. Mitsuki notes that Ao isn't pursuing them at the moment. Boruto remains frustrated with Mugino's death and intent of his sacrifice. They discuss Ao's alignment with Kara and discuss tactics to defeat him. As they discuss potential decoys, Katasuke again shares guilt on leaking intel as well as feeling responsible for Ao's misuse of his technology. Boruto confesses he used to agree that scientific ninja tools shouldn't exist, but seeing their positive influence in his lab changed his mind. They devise a plan using scientific ninja tools in order to defeat Ao. In the meantime at Kara's base, Amado shares knowledge of his investigation while Code and Delta point out that maintenance has not been performed on Boro or Koji, wondering where the latter is. As Ao begins searching for the escapees, Koji appears before him, questioning Ao of his commitment and loyalty towards Kara. As the Konoha shinobi prepare for Ao's attack, they discuss his prowess and the plan to defeat him. Ao notices where they are hiding, and attacks Mitsuki, whose Lightning Release counterattack Ao absorbs. As Konohamaru attacks Ao with Fire Release, Ao deduces that they are not conserving chakra and have a strategy against him. The three continue attacking with ninjutsu for him to absorb and dodge. Ao creates a greater absorption sphere to absorb all their attacks at once. Ao notes Boruto's absence, and determines him to be vital to their strategy. Boruto strikes from above with the chakra blade, which Ao blocks with his own. Ao grabs Boruto's chakra blade and stabs him with it, only to reveal that it was a shadow clone. Mitsuki wraps his arm around Ao's arm to bind him and let the blade drain his chakra. The real Boruto attacks with a