the traitor from the blimp crash. Jigen shares the suspicion that although Victor did attempt to steal the vessel, the crash happened through a different reason. He also reaffirms that it was not done by Victor as he felt the vessel being moved via the Kāma. Amado later takes Jigen's suspicions as an order to investigate the other Inners. Konoha-nin meet Ao. As Team 7 and Katasuke take the Thunder train for their mission, they encounter Ao. Katasuke introduces Ao as one of his patients. When Boruto shares his disdain for scientific ninja tools, Sarada notes that current games and technologies are due to scientific innovations. While Katasuke performs maintenance on Ao's arm, Boruto learns that Ao was a former shinobi from Kiri, and that he is alive due to the innovations of scientific ninja tools. Upon noticing that Boruto is lukewarm on the idea of those tools, Ao grabs the screwdriver from Katasuki and nearly stabs Boruto, noting that the tool is not necessarily good or bad, but rather how it is used. Upon Team 7 and Katasuke departing the train, Ao encounters Koji and learns that Victor is dead. Koji praises Ao's ability to place Katasuke under a genjutsu to extract information on scientific ninja tools and assigns him a new mission to retrieve the missing vessel from the blimp crash and kill anyone who has interacted with it. A New Mission At Kara's base, Amado reveals to Code and Delta of Victor's treachery and death. In the meantime, Team 7 and Katasuke arrive at the research facility, where they are greeted by Akita Inuzuka, Nue, and Sumire. As Akita shares excitement over testing Katasuke's prototype, Boruto remains unconvinced of the value of scientific ninja tools. In the lab, Team 7 undergo a series of tests using scientific ninja tools— some of which Boruto had fun with. While Sumire tends to Boruto's injury from testing, Sumire expresses interest in developing a tool to help control Nue in order to support the village. Boruto befriends Akita's ninken, Chamaru, and notices that he has a prosthetic leg. While Boruto notices Katasuke's goals in helping others using science and technology, Katasuke shares a prototype chakra blade with him, noting that high chakra expenditure from wielding the weapon can tire him out. Naruto later contacts Team 7 on the lab and notes that he has lost contact with Konohamaru and Mugino, and issues them a new mission to check over them. Sarada defending herself against autonomous puppets. While preparing to leave the facility, Chamaru and Katasuke join Team 7 on the mission, with the latter trying on a new prototype mechanical suit used for combat. Arriving at the airship crash site, Team 7 notices several scattered puppets. While the group investigates the area for a potential puppet user and the airship, the scattered puppets activate and attack Team 7, constantly getting up and firing after retaliation. Katasuke steps forward and creates an absorption sphere using his prototype arm to absorb all the