sure his brother knew who he was before becoming neither human nor jinchūriki. They would clash many more times after that. A was once even told by Jiraiya that he believed Minato was the "Child of Prophecy". When A's father died during the third war, he inherited the title of Raikage. Afterwards, out of fear of losing him, he forbade B's continued training in the Lightning Release: Lariat and ordered him to complete his training in the Tailed Beast Ball at the Valley of Clouds and Lightning and restricted him to the confines of the village. At some point, he forbade B from fully transforming into his tailed beast due to its extreme power. In the anime, after an encounter with the Nokizaru Group, A crossed paths with Tsunade and requested her aid in removing the Exploding Insect implanted in his subordinate. After accepting her arm wrestling challenge, realising that he could not beat Tsunade in terms of strength, but at the same time, he needed to help his subordinate, A used speed to defeat her. After Tsunade diagnoses the situation and realises that one of the insects was also inside A, she decided to conduct the surgery. However, when she had Shizune conduct the surgery and later left after blood splattered on her. Shizune explained Tsunade's haemophobia caused by the loss of her two great loved ones, A dismissed her state of mind as a weakness and would not trust his mens' lives to her with Shizune, who had successfully completed the surgery, defending her mistress. Two years after Tsunade returned to her village to become the Fifth Hokage, she sent A an invitation to join an impromptu Chūnin Exams hosted by Konohagakure and Sunagakure. He immediately rejected the offer, believing it to be a joint effort by the two villages to attack Kumogakure. A instead sent a response saying the village was too busy to prepare and had C and Darui make sure B wouldn't sneak off to this event. Personality A and B become brothers. A is generally characterised as stern, outspoken and decisive. It also becomes surprising when someone manages to convince him to change his mind. After becoming Raikage, A grew humbler as he referred to himself as "washi", a humble term used by old men, instead of "ore", a prideful way of saying "I" or "me". He believes that actions and strength mean everything and that ninja should never compromise or bow down in front of each other. Similarly, he views jinchūriki not as individuals, but as tools of villages that have no right to speak for themselves. He can also be somewhat hypocritical, voicing his disdain at the other five Great Nations for letting their finest ninja go rogue, while denying his own village's shameless acts, such as kidnapping and stealing secrets from other villages, and going back on promises. However, he rationalises his actions on the goal of wanting to protect his village, willing to sacrifice allies for the greater good. Despite