speed and strength, being able to dodge Naruto's extremely fast Wind Release: Rasenshuriken and punch a rubber ball several metres away. A's most impressive and renowned trait was his extremely durable body, earning the name, the "strongest shield" (最強の盾, saikyō no tate). With it, A could withstand nearly any type of technique, and easily brush off attacks that actually damaged him, as even Wind Release techniques could only cause very light damage. He could even survive being transported by the life-risking Heavenly Transfer Technique, a feat replicated by few individuals. Ultimately, the only attack strong enough to seriously injure him was his own, resulting in the scar on his chest. A had enormous chakra reserves, enough to seal the Eight-Tails inside the Kohaku no Jōhei after its numerous rampages. His high stamina allowed him to fight non-stop for three consecutive days and nights before finally collapsing — something normal shinobi could only achieve with drug enhancers. Ninjutsu Nature Transformation A's Hell Stab: Four–Finger Nukite technique. A was proficient in the nature transformations of Lightning, Fire, and Earth Release. With his great prowess in Lightning Release, he was known for his unique Black Lightning, being skilled enough in its usage to pass on his knowledge to Darui. Like his son, A can utilise the Lightning Release Chakra Mode to further augment his already renowned physical prowess and taijutsu. According to Dodai, only powerful, long-range Wind Release attacks could break through this defence. Similar to the Chidori, A can focus his lightning chakra into his fingers, creating a strong piercing effect. He can make it even more powerful by reducing the number of fingers used. The technique's sharpness was such that he could penetrate and slash through rubber despite its resistance to electricity. Dodai states that it is his strongest ninjutsu, referring to it as the "strongest spear" (最強の矛, saikyō no hoko). With this power, A could cut off all of Gyūki's tails at once, and even pierce his own extremely durable body. Part II Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation A and the other Kage summoned to the battlefield. In preparation for the Fourth Shinobi World War, A was reincarnated by Kabuto Yakushi alongside other deceased Kage, to fight against the Allied Shinobi Forces. When Mū, despite his camouflage, was detected approaching the Fourth Division, Kabuto had the Tsuchikage summon three other Kage to provide support. Amongst their numbers was a bemused Third Raikage, who questions the others about his present location, before seemingly recognising the Fourth Kazekage Rasa. Pursuing the retreating division throughout the night, each of the Kage lamented the possibility of opposing shinobi from their own respective village yet only A remained optimistic that the current generation had surpassed them since their deaths. A and Gengetsu face off against the Fourth Division. The next day A and the other kage were confronted by an enormous wave of sand that is halted by Rasa. The group except for Mū soon found themselves to