A (エー, Ē, Viz: Ei, English TV: Ay) is the Fourth Raikage (四代目雷影, Yondaime Raikage, literally meaning: Fourth Lightning Shadow) of Kumogakure. Contents 1 Background 2 Personality 3 Appearance 4 Abilities 4.1 Physical Prowess 4.2 Ninjutsu 4.2.1 Nature Transformation 5 Part II 5.1 Pain's Assault 5.2 Five Kage Summit 5.3 Fourth Shinobi World War: Countdown 5.4 Fourth Shinobi World War: Confrontation 5.5 Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax 5.6 Birth of the Ten-Tails' Jinchūriki 5.7 Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes 6 Blank Period 6.1 Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky 6.2 The Last: Naruto the Movie 6.3 Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze 6.4 Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding 6.5 Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise 7 New Era 7.1 Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc 8 In Other Media 8.1 Movies 8.1.1 Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison 8.2 Video Games 9 Creation and Conception 10 Trivia 11 Quotes 12 References Background A in his younger years alongside his brother. A is the son of the Third Raikage, who groomed him for the position of the Fourth Raikage. At some point in the past, due to A not having a blood sibling who could be his tag-partner, try-outs consisting of young children were gathered in order to determine one, in keeping with a long-standing Kumogakure tradition of the Raikage having a tag-team partner. After many attempts, they found only one child who was able to successfully match A's power and use the Lightning Release: Double Lariat on a training dummy. As a result, that child was given the name "B", and A stated that they would be brothers from that day on. He and B would eventually be teamed together on a mission with A's cousin, the jinchūriki of the Eight-Tails. While on the mission, he told A that Killer B would need something to fill the void that would be created if he was chosen as the beast's next jinchūriki. Some time later A's cousin Blue B lost control of the beast and it went on a rampage. A was made part of a special team tasked with subduing the rampaging Eight-Tails. After A and the Third Raikage arrived to deal with the matter, A was instructed to restrain the beast as his father prepared to use the Kohaku no Jōhei. As the team attempted to bind the Eight-Tails, the beast impaled Furui with its horn, leading A to cutting it off. With enough preparation, the Third sealed the beast away temporarily. After B became the beast's jinchūriki, A, remembering what his cousin had said to him, tried his best to fill that apparent void. A attacks Minato. At some point during the Third Shinobi World War, A would clash with Minato Namikaze for the first time. Before Minato retreated he recognised Killer B as the jinchūriki of the Eight-Tails and told A that next time they met it would be to put the title of "Kage" on the line and also offered A the advice of making