the genjutsu by Naruto and Sasuke after they ended the war. Blank Period Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky Main article: Kakashi Hiden: Lightning in the Icy Sky A and the other Kage inspect the Blood Prison to determine the suitability of its new warden, Kahyō. To prove herself, Kahyō uses her ice to freeze off A's beard. A is humiliated, which the other Kage feel is reason enough to keep her on as warden. The Last: Naruto the Movie Main article: The Last: Naruto the Movie Two years after the Fourth Shinobi World War, with the moon beginning to descend towards Earth, the five Kage band together once more to discuss their solution to this ongoing threat. With B's assistance, he pulls out a special Chakra Cannon and manages to destroy the meteors heading to Earth. Afterwards, he has a meeting with the Kage and they all refuse to let him destroy the moon while Naruto and the others are on it. A decides to give them one hour. With the hour up he prepares to fire, but B refuses to kill Naruto. Just then, he learns that the mission was a success and the Earth is saved. Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze Main article: Sakura Hiden: Thoughts of Love, Riding Upon a Spring Breeze When rumours of Sasuke joining a terrorist organisation begin circulating among the hidden villages, A and the other Kage believed it to be someone disguised as Sasuke due to the latter having been instrumental in the Allied Shinobi Forces' victory in the war. However, as Sasuke refused to confirm or deny the rumours, A considered holding a Kage Summit on whether or not to pursue Sasuke as an International criminal once more. After it was discovered to be an imposter, plans for the meeting were cancelled. Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding Main article: Konoha Hiden: The Perfect Day for a Wedding In the anime, A attends Naruto and Hinata's wedding. Sasuke Shinden: Book of Sunrise Main articles: Sasuke Shinden (novel) and Sasuke Shinden (anime) When word gets out that more than a hundred Konoha, Kumo, and Kiri shinobi have gone missing, A agrees to work together with Konohagakure and Kirigakure to investigate the matter, and consents to have Sasuke lead the investigation. When Sasuke finds and delivers the missing Kumo shinobi to their village, A thanks Sasuke for his help and offers to send other Kumo shinobi to help him find the people responsible, but Sasuke declines because only his ocular abilities can cancel the genjutsu. A thinks back to the moments when Naruto begged A to spare Sasuke for attempting to kidnap B and when he fought Sasuke at the Kage Summit. Having finally forgiven Sasuke after helping his village, A grudgingly acknowledges Sasuke as the only person qualified for the job and advises Sasuke to continue to do great deeds for everyone so they will look up to him again. A and his