A's attack is dodged by Naruto using the enhanced reflexes and sensory abilities granted by Sage Mode and parried with a Rasengan, aimed at A's left arm. The force of the blow caused A to impale himself with his own attack and as his body began to crumble, the Sealing Team took immediate action and completed his imprisonment. In the anime, some of Kabuto's lesser reincarnated shinobi try to unseal A, setting off traps around him. Temari and others returned to the site when they got intel of Kabuto's intention, and prevented his shinobi from unsealing A. Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax Main article: Fourth Shinobi World War: Climax Later, with the release of the Impure World Reincarnation technique, a light of sorts encased A's sealed body as the technique was dispelled and his soul was returned to the afterlife. Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes Main article: Kaguya Ōtsutsuki Strikes The deceased Kage summoning Team 7 and the tailed beasts. Subsequent to Kaguya Ōtsutsuki being sealed by Naruto Uzumaki and Sasuke Uchiha, he and the other deceased Kage were summoned from the Pure Land by Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki to aid him and the Hokage in summoning Team 7, the tailed beasts and Madara Uchiha from Kaguya's dimension. Later, his and the other Kage's souls were returned to the Pure Land. In Other Media Video Games A (Third Raikage) is a playable character in the following video games: Trivia The concept behind A's possession of both the "strongest spear" (最強の矛, saikyō no hoko) and the "strongest shield" (最強の盾, saikyō no tate) was adapted from an anecdote found within the book Han Feizi, written by Han Fei, illustrating a contradiction relating to the Irresistible Force Paradox. The story goes as follows: "There was a man in Chu who sold shields and halberds. Praising them he said: "My shields are so strong that nothing can pierce them." And praising the halberds he said: "My halberds are so strong that there is nothing that they cannot pierce." A person asked: "What if someone pierces your shields with your halberds?" He could not respond." In chapter 554 when A is referred to as the "greatest Raikage", the word used for his description (最豪) can mean anything from 'greatest' to 'strongest' to 'manliest'. When A tells the allied troops about his abilities, he says, "I'm a Lightning Release user! Place your Earth Release users on the front row and attack me incessantly!!" (「ワシ雷遁を使う!土遁の忍を前列に置きワシを攻めたてろ!!」, "Washi Raiton o tsukau! Doton no shinobi o zenretsu ni oki washi o seme tatero!!"). In the tankōbon version, this is changed into, "I'm a Lightning Release user! Place your Earth Release users in the front row to create shields, while your Wind Release users attack me incessantly!!" (「ワシ雷遁を使う!土遁の忍を前列に置き盾を作りつつ風遁の忍で攻めたてろ!!」, "Washi Raiton o tsukau! Doton no shinobi o zenretsu ni oki tatsu o tsukuri tsutsu Fūton no shinobi de seme tatero!!"). In Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3, his personality wasn't erased. In Naruto: Shippūden episode 323, A's eyes are portrayed with a normal white sclerae. Given that Jinchūriki are often closely related to kage to ensure loyalty, it's highly likely that A had at least two brothers, being the mentioned father and uncle of Blue B. Quotes (To the other Kage) "It's not as tragic as you make it out to be. I have faith that the kids of all our villages have grown up to surpass us."