hue than the bottom one; traits he inherited from his father. During his fight with Sasuke, he amputated his left forearm after it was burned by Amaterasu. A often wears a white haori without a shirt underneath and occasionally the traditional Raikage hat. He has black Fūma Shuriken tattoos on both shoulders and originally wore large, golden vambraces on his wrists, though he discarded them after the Five Kage Summit, wearing one on his remaining arm briefly near the start of the Fourth Shinobi World War. He also wears a gold belt around his waist with a boar's face engraved in the centre, black pants with torn ends, Kumo-nin shin guards, and shinobi sandals. All of these aspects combined give him the appearance of a professional wrestler. After relinquishing the role of Raikage to Darui, A began wearing a simple black kimono held closed by a white sash. He has also begun balding with visible wrinkles. Abilities A manifesting his Lightning Release Chakra Mode. As the Fourth Raikage, A is an extremely powerful shinobi, being chosen as the Supreme Leader of the Allied Shinobi Forces, even after losing his dominant arm. His signature fighting style combines the elements of ninjutsu and taijutsu to form nintaijutsu. Using it, he could easily directly engage in battle with a tailed beast, defeat a fully transformed Jūgo, and overwhelm a Mangekyō Sharingan-wielding Sasuke. Physical Prowess A dodges Amaterasu. Greatly belying his large built, A is naturally quite fast and efficient in his movements, able to intercept an opponent before they realise he has approached them. Until Naruto Uzumaki's Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, A proclaimed to be the world's fastest ninja since Minato Namikaze's death. A also possesses an enormous amount of strong chakra, comparable to that of a tailed beast, according to Karin. A breaks Susanoo's ribcage. A has enormous physical strength. With a single hand, his feats included lifting a massive two-handed barbell, smashing through walls, severing one of the Eight-Tails' horns; and breaking through Susanoo, an "absolute defence". When blocking one of A's blows, while empowered by the Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, Naruto claimed that he felt like he was being struck by a mountain, and believed that a direct hit would end him if he wasn't careful. A prefers to use wrestling-style moves rather than standard taijutsu, such as powerbombs, backhanded chops, take-downs, and leg drops. A inherited his father's immense durability, having survived being transported by Mabui's Heavenly Transfer Technique unharmed. His pain tolerance is high as well, not flinching from cutting off his own arm to escape Amaterasu's black flames. Ninjutsu Nature Transformation A's nature transformations include Lightning, Earth, and Water Release. His signature technique is the Lightning Release Chakra Mode. By encasing himself in lightning chakra, his thought processing and already immense physical parameters are greatly enhanced. His raw speed and reflexes become comparable to the Yellow Flash. Even the Sharingan had trouble tracing his movements. This speed allows him to create after-images, and evade point-blank attacks. His durability is