unit arrive at the Coliseum. In the anime, instead of Sasuke delivering the shinobi to Kumo, A, C, and Darui instead travel to the Coliseum personally, where they not only announce their intentions to safeguard all of the shinobi Sasuke had just freed, but also arrest all of the spectators and patrons for the illegal gambling they were conducting. Despite many attempting to escape, the Kumo-nin surrounded the arena's doors and succeessfully arrested all of the spectators and patrons except for En Oyashiro, who managed to quietly escape. New Era The previous retired Kage reunited. At some point, A retired as Raikage and passed on the title to Darui. Fifteen years after the Fourth Shinobi World War on the day of a Five Kage Summit in Konoha, he and the other retired Kage visited Ōnoki at the Tsuchikage's residence. Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc Main article: Mitsuki's Disappearance Arc In the anime, after the defeat of Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki and Konohagakure recovered from his attack, a Kage Summit was held. A and the other retired Kage were in attendance to discuss the still looming threat of the Ōtsutsuki. In Other Media Movies Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison Main article: Naruto the Movie: Blood Prison A, Mabui, and Team Samui have a conversation about the Box of Ultimate Bliss from the Hōzuki Castle of the Kusagakure. He and the others were ambushed and knocked out unconscious from the smokescreen. Despite that, A ambushed the enemy after he noticed it was a shadow clone. The enemy was Naruto Uzumaki, much to A's shock, and escaped after the battle. As Mabui and Team Samui regain their consciousness, A told them to summon B. Video Games A (Fourth Raikage) is a playable character in the following video games: Creation and Conception Masashi Kishimoto noted that he drew A as a muscle-bound character to convey just how powerful he is. Predominantly as a taijutsu user, Kishimoto had him use pro-wrestling moves adding a champion's belt to the character to enhance this effect. Trivia His name is the Japanese pronunciation of the English letter "A". This is similar to the names of several shinobi from his village such as: B, C and F that are the pronunciations of the letters "B", "C", and "F" respectively. A was left-handed before his self-amputation. On the last page of chapter 562, A is depicted with his left hand. This was however corrected in tankobōn release. In the thirteenth opening, A is shown replacing his amputated left arm with an artificial arm made out of Lightning Release chakra as he assaulted Madara's Susanoo with both hands. In the anime, within Tsunade's Infinite Tsukuyomi dream, A, along with Ōnoki and Mei Terumī, were killed and transformed into human puppets by Sasori. Quotes (To Naruto) "Shinobi ought not lower their heads so easily, action and power are what shinobi respect! There should be no compromise between shinobi. The history of the human race is a history of war! Ever since the three Shinobi World Wars… Every country… every village has fought for the strongest techniques. The weak will be crushed! That is inescapable truth of the ninja world!" (To Killer B) "Discretion is the better part of valour! You would do well to remember that! I don't need my strong hand, all it takes is my off hand. That's more than enough to defeat any man." (To Darui) "I have no regrets about my left arm, because I still have both of my right arms. This one, and you." (To Killer B) "You're a special being to me! We're the strongest tag team!" (To Naruto) "It seems our saviour is alive and well… inside you.