The Aburame Clan (油女一族, Aburame Ichizoku) is a well-known clan of Konohagakure. At birth, members of this clan are offered to several special breeds of insects as a nest, residing just under their host's skin. These insects will then live in symbiosis with their host from that point on. Because of this, its members are characterised by their use of insects as weapons. Contents 1 Overview 2 Utilised Insects 2.1 Bikōchū 2.2 Kidaichū 2.3 Kikaichū 2.4 Kochū 2.5 Rinkaichū 2.6 Shōkaichū 3 Other Notable Clan Members 4 Leaders 5 Trivia 6 References Overview Members of the Aburame clan. The clan members may also carry additional insects in jars or gourds with them on missions. The insects can leave and enter their host's body through various pores. They feed on chakra as a food source, making them quite deadly. The relationship between the shinobi and the insects is mutually beneficial. The host grants the insects shelter and allows them to feed off their chakra, their body becoming a living hive of tens of thousands of these insects, and in return the insects do the user's bidding, allowing the shinobi to perform ninjutsu-like techniques without the use of hand seals or chakra conversion. A major defining trait of the Aburame clan is that all of its known members' eyes are obscured usually by glasses, as well as they wear clothing that usually cover up most of their body. A female insect can be left on a target, which then can be tracked by smell by the male insect, or scout insects can be sent out and return to tell the host information about the area. For this reason, Aburame clan members are experts in espionage; they can communicate with the insects, and the insects specialise in stealth because they make no noise or motion during combat. In addition to utilising insects in battle, the Aburame clan also studies insects. In the anime, it was shown that they were rivals of the Kamizuru, a clan of bee users, until they defeated them in battle. Even though their insect-related techniques are known only amongst the clan, Aburame do not limit themselves to using just a single type of insects, in fact a select few used an insect considered rare even among the clan's members known as rinkaichū. To date, only Shikuro and Torune are known to possess it. Another rare insect used by the clan are the kidaichū, an insect which reacts so exponentially to chakra that they grow rapidly in size when exposed to incorrect amounts of it, consuming their victim from the inside out. As noted by Shino, it makes the insects troublesome ones to host in the body. Other insect breeds known to be used by the Aburame clan are the shōkaichū, which can detect chakra signatures and are used as trackers, and the kochū, which can infect enemies with a deadly paralysing poison. It has also been shown that they possess the ability to communicate with other bugs and insects,