as seen when Shino used what looked like a bee to gather information for him during the Chūnin Exams. Utilised Insects Bikōchū Main article: Bikōchū The bikōchū. The Bikōchū (微香虫, literally meaning: minute scent insect) is an insect that was once used by the Aburame clan in the great ninja wars. It was becoming an endangered species, however, so they let it live in a special habitat, uninhabited by humans. Two of the female's distinguishing traits are its long nose and its blue eyes, but a giant bug-like creature that looks exactly like it is sometimes confused with the real thing. It also has an incredible sense of smell, stronger than even that of a dog. Kidaichū Main article: Kidaichū The insects after feeding on a target. The kidaichū (寄大蟲, English TV: Parasitic Giant Beetles, literally meaning: Parasitic Giant Insects) are a species of beetle-like insects that are bred and utilised by select members of the Aburame clan as part of their Parasitic Destruction Insect Technique. Though initially small in size, if provided with the incorrect amount of chakra, these insects immediately begin to devour the flesh of their host, causing them to undergo rapid growth to ultimately giant proportions. Kikaichū Main article: Kikaichū A kikaichū. Kikaichū (寄壊蟲, English TV: Parasitic Insects, literally meaning: Parasitic Destruction Insects) are one of several species of insect used by members of the Aburame clan. They resemble small, flight-capable beetles. Kochū Main article: Kochū The kochū (蠱虫, literally meaning: worm insect) are a species of insect used by members of the Aburame clan, seen in Book of Dark Night. They can produce a poison that will paralyse their victims and kill them a short while later; the poison disappears upon death, preventing it from being found during autopsies. Danzō Shimura notes kochū are perfect for performing assassinations, as they are as imperceptible as mosquitoes yet as deadly as scorpions. Rinkaichū Main article: Rinkaichū Rinkaichū covering Torune's entire body. Rinkaichū (燐壊虫, literally meaning: Phosphorus Destruction Insect) are a breed of nano-sized, venomous insects (ナノサイズの毒蟲, nanosaizu no dokumushi, English TV: Nano-sized Venomous Beetles) hosted by a select few members of the Aburame clan. These bugs destroy their enemies' cells, causing excruciating pain in the process. Shōkaichū Main article: Shōkaichū Muta with one of his shōkaichū. The shōkaichū (消壊虫, literally meaning: Neutralising Destruction Insect) are one of several species of insect used by members of the Aburame clan. They resemble worms. They can dig into the ground and locate chakra signatures that they then report to their respective Aburame. Other Notable Clan Members During Pain's invasion, an unnamed member of the clan accompanied Shibi along with Muta and Shino to confront Konan. During the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox's Attack, an Aburame was seen alongside Hiruzen and his forces driving the Nine-Tails out of the village. During the Fourth Shinobi World War, a group of Aburame clan members used the Insect Jamming Technique in conjunction with the Hiding in Mist Technique used by Kirigakure shinobi to obscure the vision of Tobi and Madara Uchiha and prevent them from sensing the Allied Shinobi Forces. Leaders Shibi Aburame: Current Head Trivia The name "Aburame" literally means "oil woman" (油女), while it may also be a variation of "Aburamushi" which means "cockroach" (油虫), referring to the clan's use of insects as weapons.