The cover of Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump that contains the first Naruto manga chapter. Naruto (NARUTO -ナルト-) is a manga by Masashi Kishimoto with an anime TV series adaptation. Its main character, Naruto Uzumaki, is a loud, hyperactive, adolescent ninja who constantly searches for approval and recognition, as well as to become Hokage, who is acknowledged as the leader and strongest of all ninja in the village. The manga was first published by Shueisha in 1999 in the 43rd issue of Japan's Shōnen Jump magazine. VIZ Media publishes a translated version in the American Shōnen Jump, and is currently within a few volumes of the Japanese publication. Naruto has become VIZ Media's best-selling manga series. The animated television series, produced by Studio Pierrot and Aniplex, premiered across Japan on the terrestrial TV Tokyo network and the anime satellite television network Animax on October 3, 2002, and stopped airing on March 23, 2017. Viz also licensed the anime for North American production. Naruto debuted in the United States on Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block on September 10, 2005, and in Canada on YTV's Bionix on September 16, 2005. Naruto began showing in the UK on Jetix on July 22, 2006. It began showing on Toasted TV on January 12, 2007 in Australia, although it could be watched on Cartoon Network in 2006. The first series lasted nine seasons, while the second began its first on February 15, 2007. In November 22, 2012, VP of Strategic Marketing and Promotions for Cartoon Network, Jason DeMarco, announced Naruto would make a come back to Toonami, now a block on Adult Swim on Saturday, December 1, 2012. Additionally, they mentioned that it would be uncut. The show started all the way back at episode 1 and was removed from the schedule after episode 52 on November 30, 2013 due to Toonami announced will be premieres January, 5 on Naruto: Shippūden. The show returned on May 31, 2024 on the Toonami Rewind block on Adult Swim. Contents 1 Naruto Manga 1.1 Naruto Manga Pilot 2 Growth and Popularity 3 Anime Details 4 English-Language Broadcast 5 Plot Overview 6 Characters 7 References 8 External Links Naruto Manga See also: List of Volumes and Chapter-Tankōbon Differences The Naruto manga has ended with 72 volumes and 700 chapters. Naruto Manga Pilot Naruto Geography. Main article: Naruto Manga Pilot The first published incarnation of the Naruto series debuted in the 1997 summer issue of Akamaru Jump. Despite the positive feedback it received in a readers' poll, Masashi Kishimoto, the creator of Naruto, was unhappy with the art and the story. He rewrote the story to focus on ninja, which would go on to be serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 1999. Growth and Popularity See also: Naruto in Popular Culture The series' length and popularity is comparable to that of Akira Toriyama's Dragon Ball, another popular action/martial arts-oriented shōnen manga, and one that was said to have greatly influenced Kishimoto's manga, Naruto. Since its creation, Naruto has spawned a large