number of fansites that contain detailed information, guides, and active forums. Some of the first and most popular sites targeted at English speaking audiences were established shortly after the first English manga volume was released in August of 2003. Also, like many other manga and anime titles, Naruto has also spawned its own collectible card game, along with an array of merchandise, such as action figures, clothing, stationery kits and household goods. Naruto has had several collaborations with big name brands, including Primitive, Nike, Adidas, Coach, BAPE and Champion, and in 2022, Chinese phone company Realme released a Naruto-themed edition of their GT Neo 3 phone. As of October 2014, the manga has over 220 million copies in print, with over 130 million copies in Japan and the remaining 75 million being overseas, making it the sixth best-selling manga series in history. The manga is also available in 35 countries outside Japan. It has also become one of North American publisher VIZ Media's best-selling manga series. Their English adaptation of the series has appeared in the USA Today Booklist several times and volume 7 won the Quill Award in 2006. In TV Asahi's latest top 100 Anime Ranking, Naruto ranked 17th on the list. In 2015, Live Spectacle Naruto, a stage play based off the series began showing, in 2018, a Naruto kabuki play of the show began it's run throughout Japan and in 2019, 2 Naruto theme parks, one in Japan and one in Shanghai, opened. Anime Details See also: List of Episodes and Anime-Manga Differences Even though it debuted some time after the manga, the anime quickly caught up, since one anime episode usually covers one or two manga chapters. To prevent overlapping, the anime's producers tend to organise content from the manga chapters into long, uneventful sections followed by short bursts of action, sometimes adding filler content in between. By the time the Sasuke Recovery Mission ended in the anime (episode 135), the series was at a point where it was quickly gaining on the manga. At the conclusion of this arc, the anime immediately switched to anime-only episodes to allow the manga to broaden the gap once more. Most of these episodes are stand-alone stories, with a few being part of arcs that were several episodes long, and lasted for a total of 85 episodes in the first series. After the series moved back into manga-adapted episodes, it was renamed Naruto: Shippūden (ナルト 疾風伝, Naruto Shippūden, literally meaning: Naruto Hurricane Chronicles). The new series premiered on February 15, 2007. The anime generally remains true to the manga, usually changing only minor details (causes of death, loss of limbs, and other injuries have been lessened in the anime) or expanding on parts skipped by the manga, such as the fight between Tenten and Temari. The anime-only arcs, though unreferenced in the manga (save for a few scant scenes), deal with the breaks between manga volumes, which covers a short period before the Sasuke Recovery Mission and several