is jagged and black, with a large, orange-rimmed flare shape protruding from each side around the eyes. While interning under Best Jeanist, the Fiber Hero attempted to teach Katsuki the importance of maintaining a positive appearance. To that end, he took the liberty of making some changes to Katsuki's outward appearance to make him look less intimidating. During this tenure, his wild spiky hair was combed into a neat side part. Best Jeanist also made changes to Katsuki's Hero costume; he got rid of Katsuki's mask and grenade gauntlets and had him wear a pair of smart blue denim jeans in place of his usual baggy pants. In the winter months, he wears a large jacket with a high collar and four orange eyelets on the collar and two on each shoulder, rather than the usual tank top, although it does maintain the same orange "X" design, the purpose of which he can still sweat a sufficient amount in the cold weather, given how his Quirk works. For Mission: Humarise, Katsuki and his fellow internees at the Endeavor Agency are given special advanced stealth costumes by the World Heroes Association for their mission to Otheon. Based on the winter variant of his costume, Katsuki designed his stealth costume to be all neoprene black with the exception of orange "X", the soles of his boots, and his gloves while retaining the metal kneepads and his metallic neck brace has two holes on each side instead of three. The Grenadier Bracers were redesigned to be shaped like flashbang grenades rather than frag grenades. He also has two silver plates on his shoulders with the letters "WHA" and two straps coming down from his neck brace with a red button on the left. Due to the injuries he sustained during the Paranormal Liberation War, Katsuki has two scars on his body: an impacted one near the base of his left shoulder that stretches to his clavicle, and one on his lower stomach area. By the time of the Final War, Katsuki now wears his Winter Costume to maximize his sweat production, increasing his need for condensed explosions from his nitroglycerin. During his final battle against Tomura Shigaraki, he utilizes a support gear called the Strafe Panzer, which consists of six barreled heavy cannons and two shoulder-pad smaller cannons as aim sights; the cannons are loaded with a belt feed containing nitroglycerin stored in each capsule, giving Katsuki more sweat ammunition or for bigger explosions. In the fight, the Strafe Panzer is destroyed and his right arm is badly crushed by the villain, while the right side of his face is heavily scarred. After a near death experience due to his heart being ruptured by an attack from Tomura, said hole now has a suture scar thanks to being resuscitated back to life by Edgeshot. To mend his broken right arm, All Might gives him his remaining equipment from his Armored All Might suit, the "Great Explosion Murder God Dynamight", acting as a splint.