Overview Gallery Synopsis Relationships "You wanna talk about some big disparity? Lack of understanding? Dread? Guess what- I've long since taken all that crap to heart. And I've seen a real step toward progress, with all that. It might take some time, but some people I know are trying to push forward. Thanks anyway but, you can shove your sermon... ya nutsack-faced Handy-man!"Katsuki Bakugo in "The Guy Who's Made Progress" Katsuki Bakugo (爆 (ばく) 豪 (ごう) 勝 (かつ) 己 (き) , Bakugō Katsuki?), also known as Kacchan (かっちゃん, Katchan?) by his childhood friends, and his hero name Explosive Hero: Great Explosion Murder God Dynamight (爆 (ばく) 烈 (れつ) ヒーロー 大 (だい) •爆 (ばく) •殺 (さっ) •神 (しん) ダイナマイト, Bakuretsu Hīrō Daibakusasshin Dainamaito?), was a student in Class 1-A at U.A. High School, training to become a Pro Hero. He is the deuteragonist of My Hero Academia. Eight years after the Final War, Katsuki has graduated from U.A. High School, and previously worked as a Sidekick for Best Jeanist, until later becoming the No. 5 (previously No. 4 and No. 15) Pro Hero with an insatiable appetite for crushing his foes. Contents 1 Appearance 1.1 Gallery 2 Personality 3 Abilities 3.1 Quirk 3.2 Temporary Quirk 3.3 Ultimate Moves 3.4 Stats 4 Equipment 5 Battles & Events 6 Relatives 7 Chapter Appearances 8 Anime Appearances 9 Trivia 10 Quotes 11 References 12 Site Navigation Appearance Katsuki is a young man of above-average height, with a slim, muscular build, and a fair skin tone. He has short, spiky, sandy blond hair with choppy bangs that hang over his eyebrows. His eyes are sharp and bright red in color. During his time in Aldera Junior High School, similar to Izuku, he wore a plain black gakuran uniform with yellow buttons, accompanied by brown loafers. While at home, he wears a green jinbei over a white shirt and gray sweatpants. At U.A., he wears the standard U.A. uniform without the customary red tie, a few buttons undone at the top of his white collared shirt, and his pants are worn loosely, sagging at his ankles, despite him wearing a belt with them. After the Paranormal Liberation War, Katsuki's school uniform is worn in a much neater fashion and includes the red tie he previously forwent. His hero costume consists of a tight, black, sleeveless tank top featuring an orange "X" across the middle, creating a V-neck design. There are two black dots along the left side of the collar, which is the trademark of his costume's designer, Sasori Nimaru The outfit includes a metallic neck brace with rectangular ends, each having three holes on either side. He wears black sleeves that extend from large, grenade-like gauntlets up to his biceps, finishing with thin orange tips. A green and orange belt, equipped with grenades, secures his baggy pants that have green straps and knee guards. On his feet, he sports black, knee-high combat boots with orange soles, eight eyelets, and straps at the top. His mask