slowed down his recovery to display his sliced arm and chest inflicted by Kyojuro then promptly healed the injury, illustrating the futility of his opponents' attacks on a demon. Most notably, Akaza deliberately ceased his own regeneration after losing the will to fight and accepting defeat at the hands of Tanjiro. Physical Abilities Immense Durability: As an Upper Rank demon of the Twelve Kizuki, Akaza possessed exceptional durability due to the extremely high concentration of Muzan's blood in his body. Even the powerful Hashira, Kyojuro Rengoku, had difficulty inflicting significant damage on Akaza during their intense battle. Despite using a katana and exhibiting superhuman strength, Kyojuro struggled to effectively cut through Akaza's body, demonstrating the demon's immense durability. Notably, Akaza's neck, like that of all demons, was particularly tough, making it especially challenging to inflict fatal injuries. Despite a severely injured Kyojuro managing to sever two-thirds of Akaza's neck during their encounter, the Upper Rank demon managed to escape. Battling Kyojuro, Akaza moves at speeds faster than Tanjiro can perceive. Immense Speed & Reflexes: Akaza's incredible speed was prominently displayed during his battle against Kyojuro. He moved so swiftly that even Tanjiro and Inosuke Hashibira could not perceive his movements, with Inosuke even remarking that Akaza seemed to be in "a different dimension." Akaza was able to move at such burst of speeds that he appeared to teleport, even managing to surprise Tanjiro, who had heightened sensory abilities. He demonstrated the ability to keep up with and outpace the Hashira, the most powerful fighters in the Demon Slayer Corps, including matching the speed of Giyu Tomioka, one of the fastest Demon Slayers, despite Giyu awakening the Demon Slayer Mark just moments prior. Akaza tearing through the Infinity Castle with his bare fists. Immense Strength: Akaza possessed incredulous physical strength, which had been showcased multiple times, most notably when he punched or kicked, which were strong enough to break the ground and easily kill people. Every one of his strikes was strong enough to cause cuts, shatter ribs, smash eyes, and later pierce the body of Kyojuro Rengoku, a Hashira who possessed above-average durability. Akaza also easily broke Giyu's sword in half with a single side punch and completely shattered Tanjiro's Nichirin Sword with a flurry of punches. He was also shown to be capable of destroying the head and jaw of Upper Rank Two, Doma, despite the latter possessing higher levels of durability. Furthermore, Akaza could tear through the Infinity Castle with ease, even causing massive tremors in his wake. Combined with his Blood Demon Art, his strength was further increased, allowing him to cause craters in the ground by simply punching it. Even as an 11-year-old boy, Akaza was able to completely knock several grown men unconscious in a fight with nothing but his bare fists and legs. At the age of 18, even before he became a demon, he was easily able to overpower, dismember and mutilate 67 armed adult kendo masters on his own with his bare