, Jutsushiki Tenkai?). Akaza started by going into a stance unique to the Soryu Style, which had two versions. He performed the first stance by bending his knees in a half-crouch position, extending his right arm with a half-clenched fist facing his body, and bending his left arm with an open palm; the second version was nearly identical, except he opened his palm on his right arm while fully clenching his fists in a downwards bend on his left arm. Akaza generating a shockwave to attack Kyojuro. Using the shockwaves of his Blood Demon Art and the Soryu Style, Akaza could attack his targets with destructive long-ranged barrages and precise short-ranged strikes. During his battle with Kyojuro Rengoku, he could keep the Flame Hashira at bay with his shockwaves, forcing him to close the gap and putting him in range of his bare-handed fighting style, which was to the Upper Rank's advantage. The shockwaves generated from his Blood Demon Art were extremely powerful, once being able to smash Kyojuro's ribs and even internal organs after he took a barrage of larger shockwaves head-on, the same Hashira who survived explosions being rained down upon him with insignificant injuries. Akaza could also use his Blood Demon Art in his kicks to generate additional destructive force to launch his opponents extremely far. More impressively, he could create countless shockwaves that surrounded his target with a hundred blows that struck them everywhere almost simultaneously. His Blood Demon Art also included his crucial Compass Needle technique, essentially an advanced form of extrasensory perception that allowed him to sense a person's will to fight. With this information, he could instinctively aim for their vitals and weak points, determine their strength at a glance, predict his opponents' next moves, sense their location in his vicinity, enhance the lethality and accuracy of his punches and kicks, and evolve and adapt to their attacks over time. Techniques Description Demonstrations Compass Needle (羅 (ら) 針 (しん) , Rashin?) - Akaza manifests a light blue snowflake-shaped compass underneath him with numbers ranging from 1 to 12. This technique allows Akaza to sense a person's "Fighting Spirit (闘 (とう) 気 (き) , Tōki?)", a person's will to fight, which he uses to achieve numerous effects while in combat. Firstly, he is able to determine the strength of anyone at a glance, such as when he discerned that Kyojuro was a Hashira just by looking at him. Secondly, Akaza is able to detect the presence of his opponents in his immediate surroundings (even in his blind spots) and can use this to predict where and how his opponents will strike him. This technique also allows Akaza to tell where his target's weaknesses are located and instinctively aim for them. Furthermore, the precision of Akaza's attacks are greatly enhanced, to the point where Tanjiro stated that it was like magnets were pulling his fists towards his vitals, and even described them as having "unparalleled precision". This is hinted at when a slight scrape from