Akaza (猗 (あ) 窩 (か) 座 (ざ) , Akaza?) is a major supporting antagonist of Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba. He is a demon affiliated with the Twelve Kizuki, holding the position of Upper Rank Three (上 (じょう) 弦 (げん) の参 (さん) , Jōgen no San?). Over a century ago, Akaza was a human by the name of Hakuji (狛 (はく) 治 (じ) , Hakuji?), a prodigious martial artist who trained under Keizo while nursing his daughter, Koyuki, who would later become Akaza's fianceé. Contents 1 Appearance 1.1 Gallery 2 Personality 3 Abilities 3.1 Overall Abilities 3.2 Demon Abilities 3.3 Physical Abilities 3.4 Supernatural Abilities 4 Fighting Style 4.1 Blood Demon Art 4.2 Techniques 5 Relatives 6 Battles 7 Trivia 8 Quotes 9 References 10 Navigation Appearance Akaza was a very muscular young man of average height with skin so fair it appeared bright green-tinged white, decorated by a pattern of thick blue lines, which resembled the criminal tattoos he had as a human. Akaza had short, bright pink hair that fluffed out around his head and inward-tilting yellow eyes with pink eyelashes and blue sclera that somewhat resembled cracked glass. The kanji for Upper Rank (上 (じょう) 弦 (げん) , Jōgen?) was etched into his right iris, and the daiji for Three (参 (さん) , San?) was etched into his left. The lines on his face curved through each of his eyes from below his ears to over his temples, another blue line running from the center of his hairline to the bridge of his nose, with two more lines running around his neck, three others branching off the lower one to his torso. The middle line ran directly down his chest to halfway down his stomach, and the other two branched off to the sides over each side of his chest to join the two other lines. This same three-line pattern also repeated around his waist. On his arms, lines were running down the front of his shoulders that ran into two more, which went around his biceps before continuing to run down to his wrists, below which each of his fingers was also dark blue with an orange fingernail, his toes also sharing this unusual appearance. Akaza wore little and only sported a short, sleeveless dark purple-pink haori cut off at his waist, left open to expose his chest, and decorated by a square pattern on his back. Below this, he sported a pair of baggy white pants that he rolled to just below the knee with a blue rope belt to secure them at his waist. Akaza preferred to go barefoot but wore a pair of chains of large, round, pink pearls around his ankles. During his human days as Hakuji, he had the same hair, just colored black rather than pink, and pale blue eyes with unusually-colored light pink eyelashes. He was also very muscular as a human and bore three black criminal tattoos on each forearm. He also wore a dark blue-gray yukata. Gallery