adult, he singlehandedly annihilated 67 adult kendo masters with his bare fists, brutally mutilating their bodies until they were mangled piles of flesh with his bare fists. Akaza's extraordinary bare-fisted martial arts skill. After becoming a demon, his hand-to-hand combative prowess was further augmented to the point he could fight effectively at speeds faster than the eye can see while fully utilizing his bare-fisted martial arts skills for both offense and defense against the most powerful of Demon Slayers. Furthermore, combined with his Blood Demon Art and potent physical abilities, every one of his punches and kicks became extremely lethal, with each blow capable of shattering the ground or breaking ribs, making him an extremely dangerous opponent. That, combined with his centuries' worth of martial arts experience, made Akaza nearly unparalleled in hand-to-hand combat. Soryu Style (素 (そ) 流 (りゅう) 式 (しき) , Soryū Shiki?): A bare-fisted martial arts style taught to him by Keizo, a martial arts expert, when he lived with him and cared for Koyuki. The Soryu Style utilized a user's arms and legs to unleash swift and powerful strikes that targeted an opponent's neck and weapon. At the start of a battle, the user began by entering a stance performed by bending their knees in a half-crouch position, extending their right arm with a half-clenched fist facing his body and bending his left arm with an open palm or a nearly identical stance except they open their palm on their right arm while fully clenching their fists in a downwards bend on their left arm. After becoming a demon, Akaza used the Soryu Style as the main inspiration of his Destructive Death (破 (は) 壊 (かい) 殺 (さつ) , Hakai Satsu?) martial arts. Bell Splitter (鈴 (すず) 割 (わ) り, Suzu Wari?): A technique where Akaza struck a sword from the side as it was descending to break it with little effort. When he was a human, Akaza was most proficient in this technique, likely due to having fought the neighboring dojo's swordsmen and murdering 67 of them when he was 18, which would likely have required him to utilize that move many times to overpower them. Blood Demon Art Destructive Death (破 (は) 壊 (かい) 殺 (さつ) , Hakai Satsu?): Akaza's Blood Demon Art revolved around martial arts, merging the manipulation of destructive shockwaves and the Soryu-style martial arts he mastered as a human. The shockwaves he controlled appeared in a striking blue hue (that occasionally flashed red) and could manifest in various forms, such as nigh-invisible air pressure, circular energy-like shockwaves, or cannon-shaped spikes. He could generate them at will, from any distance, and seemingly any part of his body. In combat, Akaza infused his own punches and kicks with his shockwaves to amplify their destructive capabilities, enveloping his every strike in a faint blue light. At the start of a battle, Akaza initiated his Blood Demon Art by deploying a special technique called Technique Development (術 (じゅつ) 式 (しき) 展 (てん) 開 (かい)