his kick (even while his sword had blocked it) caused Tanjiro to bleed. Moreover, Tanjiro also stated that Akaza was able to pierce through any opening in his attacks without fail. Another trait of his Compass Needle allows him to reactively adapt to his opponent's attacks, learning to anticipate their techniques and attack forms and even strike back with equal accuracy over time. Additionally, the stronger a person's Fighting Spirit, the stronger the response of his Compass Needle. His Fighting Spirit detection is so accurate that he can find the location of Tanjiro in his surroundings and fight and overpower Giyu without a head, meaning that he is performing those feats while basically being deaf and blind. Air Type (空 (くう) 式 (しき) , Kūshiki?) - Akaza punches the empty air in front him while creating a shockwave that flies towards his target and hits them from afar. These airborne shockwaves can be created multiple times in quick succession and can be unleashed in the sky or on the ground. Moreover, although the shockwaves are visualized as blue projectiles, Kyojuro's inability to spot Air Type despite actively looking for its effects implies that they are invisible to the human eye. Disorder (乱 (らん) 式 (しき) , Ranshiki?) - Punching rapidly at the target, Akaza creates a barrage of large shockwaves, destroying anything in front of him. This attack was capable of matching Kyojuro's Flame Tiger technique. Annihilation Type (滅 (めっ) 式 (しき) , Messhiki?) - One of Akaza's most powerful techniques. Akaza crouches with both his arms at the side of his body poised to strike. He then lunges forward, creating two powerful circular shockwaves from the palm of his hands which he uses to strike his target with tremendous force. This technique was strong enough to rival through Kyojuro's most powerful attack, Rengoku. Moreover, whilst the anime and game depicts a brief struggle between the two, the manga explicitly showcases Annihilation Type as the technique that mortally wounded Kyojuro. Leg Type: Crown Splitter (脚 (きゃく) 式 (しき) 冠 (かむろ) 先 (さき) 割 (わり) , Kyakushiki: Kamuro Saki Wari?) - A reverse, rising axe kick that produces a shockwave once it connects with the target. Leg Type: Explosive Flurry (脚 (きゃく) 式 (しき) 流 (りゅう) 閃 (せん) 群 (ぐん) 光 (こう) , Kyakushiki: Ryūsengunkō?) - A flashing flurry of powerful straight kicks so fast that they create afterimages, with each kick producing powerful shockwaves. This technique was powerful enough to launch Giyu an extremely far distance. Leg Type: Flying Planet Thousand Wheels (脚 (きゃく) 式 (しき) 飛遊 (ひゅう) 星 (せい) 仟 (せん) 輪 (りん) , Kyakushiki: Hyūsei Senrin?) - A kick that utilizes a flowing motion which strikes Akaza's target from below and launches them upward. Eight-Layered Demon Core (鬼 (き) 芯 (しん) 八 (や) 重 (え) 芯 (しん) , Kishinya Eshin?) - Akaza unleashes eight powerful punches, each strike creating large and strong shockwaves in a similar fashion to his Disorder technique. Crushing Type: Ten Thousand Leaves Flashing Willow