(砕 (さい) 式 (しき) 萬 (まん) 葉 (よう) 閃 (せん) 柳 (やなぎ) , Saishiki: Manyōsen Yanagi?) - A powerful downward punch that delivers a large shockwave into the ground which expands outward. Final Form: Blue Silver Chaotic Afterglow (終 (しゅう) 式 (しき) 青 (あお) 銀 (ぎん) 乱 (らん) 残 (ざん) 光 (こう) , Shūshiki: Aogin Ranzankō?) - Akaza's ultimate technique. Akaza unleashes an omni-directional barrage of countless thin and sharp shockwaves that deliver a hundred blows to his target coming from everywhere almost at the same time. This attack was so powerful that it could negate Giyu's Dead Calm technique, a move known for its immense defensive capabilities. Game Exclusive Techniques Collapse (崩 (ほう) 落 (らく) , Hōraku?) - Similar to his Ten Thousand Leaves Flashing Willow technique, Akaza leaps into the air and delivers a downward punch that shatters the ground. Disorder, Shatter (乱 (らん) 式 (しき) ・砕 (さい) , Ranshiki - Sai?) - Similar to his Disorder technique, Akaza unleashes numerous straight punches in front of himself before sending his target flying with a shockwave-enhanced punch. Annihilation Type, Punish (滅 (めっ) 式 (しき) ・戒 (かい) , Messhiki - Kai?) - Akaza deploys his Compass Needle technique before rushing to his target and delivering a multitude of powerful shockwave-enhanced punches and kicks before unleashing his Annihilation Type technique. Relatives Battles Akaza Battles Mugen Train Arc Kyojuro Rengoku vs Akaza Infinity Castle Arc Tanjiro Kamado and Giyu Tomioka vs Akaza Trivia Akaza's alias contains the Kan'yo-on'yomi reading of the kanji for "gentle, docile" (猗 (あ) , a?), "cave" (窩 (か) , ka?) and the Go-on'yomi for "position, status" (座 (ざ) , za?). His name as a human contains the Go-on'yomi for "komainu" (狛 (はく) , Haku?) and "cure/heal" (治 (じ) , ji?). Due to the first kanji being the On'yomi reading of the kanji for "Komainu", it is easily mistaken for the kanji of "White" (白 (はく) , Haku?) or others of the same radical '白' and Hepburn pronunciation. Akaza's Compass Needle technique formed the shape of a snowflake due to the influence of his fiancée (Koyuki's name contains the kanji for "snow", and she wore three snowflake-shaped hairpins). Akaza is ranked 17th in the second popularity poll with 1982 votes. Akaza was the only member of the Upper Ranks to have encountered the people he knew in life while fading into ash. There were two members of the Twelve Kizuki who have been shown experiencing this, the other being Rui. Akaza actually did manage to recruit strong humans into becoming demons, but all of them died. Akaza was one of Muzan's favorites since he was loyal and serious. Akaza was the only demon of the Upper Ranks that does not use a weapon in combat. Akaza was the only demon of the Twelve Kizuki who refused to eat or kill women, and was given special permission to do so by Muzan, although he did tease Akaza for his choice and urged him to drop it. Doma in response complained