fists, to the point that even Muzan thought that it was a demon who performed these feats. Akaza smiling maniacally despite getting his arm sliced in two. Unlimited Stamina & Endurance: Like all demons, Akaza possessed infinite stamina and vitality, never tiring and remaining in optimal physical and mental condition indefinitely, enduring waves of onslaught as if it were nothing. In his battle against Kyojuro, his arm was split open by Kyojuro's Rising Scorching Sun. Yet he remained unfazed by the slash, even complimenting his blade. Akaza's immense resilience to pain and endurance was most evident when Kyojuro unleashed his most powerful form on him; this time, Akaza's arm and head were sliced open, and his torso was slashed twice. Despite the intense attack, Akaza seemed more focused on marveling at Kyojuro's technique rather than the damage he sustained. Additionally, throughout all his battles, he had never showed signs of pain or agony, even after getting his limbs sliced off or when he was inflicted with numerous slash wounds and injuries, even those caused by Tanjiro's Hinokami Kagura which are known to cause pain even to Upper Rank demons, such as Daki and Karaku. Furthermore, Akaza was one of the only ones to withstand Tanjiro's headbutt without any signs of pain afterward, even complimenting it. Before being transformed into a demon, Akaza demonstrated superhuman endurance at the age of 11, as he endured 100 consecutive beatings that could make a grown man go numb, thus earning the moniker of "Demon Child." Supernatural Abilities Akaza intercepts Tanjiro's attack without looking at him. Extrasensory Perception: Akaza possessed supernaturally enhanced sensory abilities that allowed him to perceive things beyond the normal range of human perception. In addition to sensing the auras of demons and humans, Akaza could also detect what he referred to as "Fighting Spirit (闘 (とう) 気 (き) , Tōki?)", which encompassed a person's will to fight and their intent to kill. With this ability, he could assess the strength or weakness of individuals with just a glance, anticipate his opponents' attacks and weaknesses, and sense their presence within the environment, enabling him to react to attacks from unexpected angles and blind spots. According to Giyu, this ability enabled him to instantly evolve and adapt to any attack or technique, even allowing him to predict his opponents' movements and how to counter them with equal power. He was even able to locate Giyu and Tanjiro from a considerable distance. Akaza's senses were so acute that he could effectively fight and determine his opponents' locations even without a head, effectively making him deaf and blind, and overpowering Giyu in the process. Fighting Style Master Hand-to-hand Combatant: As his most notable attribute, Akaza possessed exceptional prowess in hand-to-hand combat and martial arts, both as a human and a demon. Even prior to his transformation, Akaza demonstrated exceptionally prodigious abilities in unarmed combat, effortlessly overpowering several grown men at the young age of 11, despite lacking any formal martial arts training. As a young