addition to these techniques, all player characters can access a feature known as Accel-Heat to further boost their combat capabilities. Accel-Heat comes in three levels: Level 1: Instantly cancels both combatants' current actions (if any). Costs one skill charge. Level 2: Increases the player character's attack power to unlockable levels. Costs two skill charges. Level 3: Increases the player character's speed (and triggers a unique soundtrack). Costs three skill charges. Besides ordinary damage, the following status effects can be inflicted by various attacks, items, and conditions in the game: Burn: Inflicts steady damage, usually over a five-second period. This status can be transferred to the opponent through grapple-based attacks. Poisoned: Inflicts damage whenever attacks are made. Greased: Reduces control over stops and turns. Also multiplies burn damage. Disoriented: Reverses directional controls. Stunned: Disables movement for three seconds. Immediately ended by any kind of damage. Frozen: Disables movement while inflicting steady damage. Immediately ended by any kind of (outside) damage. Falling: Inflicts damage from some "ring out" area of the stage and re-spawns in a nearby location. Immediately ends all other status effects. Characters This section relies on color coding as an identifying feature, which does not work on mobile devices. There are a total of 24 player characters and 51 support characters. Each player character is assigned one to three support characters; before starting any battle or mini-game, each player character must select one support character. In some modes, player characters are limited to their assigned support characters, but other modes use an "All-Support" system that allows (almost) any combination. Once summoned, a support character will follow one of six basic patterns: running after the opponent with ground attacks, jumping after the opponent with air attacks, remaining stationary with projectile attacks, remaining stationary with area attacks, remaining stationary while regenerating the player character's health, or providing a mount for the player character to attack from. Support characters are not player controllable. Below is a list of the player characters, and their assigned support characters. Please note that all characters are referred to by the spelling in the game, not the manga or anime. All of the Straw Hats (excluding Vivi) have five costumes, while all other characters have two. Additionally, when the D-Pad is pressed during battle, most characters will taunt, but certain characters will have special effects instead: Luffy will put his hat on his head or let it dangle around his neck. In his 2P outfit, he will instead put on a red pirate hat over his straw hat or take it off. Zolo will put his bandana on or take it off if wearing his 1P, 4P or 5P costumes. In his 2P he will instead pull his goggles over his eyes, and his 3P will only taunt with no other effect. Usopp will pull his goggles over his eyes, except for in his 3P and 4P where he only taunts. Sanji will throw his jacket off in his 1P and 5P and put glasses on in