Battle menu allows for the following sub-modes: Versus The most basic battling mode. Any and all unlocked characters may be used. Any unlocked stage may be utilized. Features such as the time limit and the difficulty of the computer-controlled opponent (if the fight in question is One-Player) may be adjusted. Arena The player's chosen character fights their way through a gauntlet of five opponents in succession. After each battle is won, the player selects who his next opponent will be from two different choices. Fighting certain characters will result in acquisition of cards that will be added to the Card Collection (see below). Tournament A simple, bracketed tournament where the player fights successive opponents and strives to be the champion. Records Allows the player to access records of all previous, saved battles, listing facts such as how long each battle took and what method was used to win. Also contains unlocked tips on how to power up a character's Secret Attacks. Training Transports the player's selected character and opponent to Eden Rock, where the player may test their character's attacks on the "dummy" opponent. Each landed blow will be recorded on-screen, showing the number of landed hits as well as the total damage. Special Game Collects a variety of mini-games, (many directly carried over from Grand Battle!) unlocked throughout the course of Adventure Mode. Box Crusher: The player character must destroy 300 item containers within 60 seconds. Rumble Battle: The player character must defeat a select number of support characters within the time limit. Customize Rules: The player character must battle an opponent in a 60-second match, with several different conditions—jump heights, running speed, permanent grease effect, and damage output from each class of Secret Art as well as items and drops—made adjustable. Boat Race: The player character must prevent the Cutie Wagon from overtaking the Taru Tiger, by attacking the pirates aiming bazookas at the latter. When attacked, the pirates will drop coins (bombs if close to firing). Spotbilled Duck Race: The player character must race an opponent on Karoo summons through a twisting, hazard-ridden course. Snake Battle: The player character must defeat the Skypiea stage's giant snake within 60 seconds, while dodging endless summons of Satori, Shura and Gedatz. Battle Bowl: The player character must compete with an opponent in a 60-second match, scoring points by tossing Gaimon (the "ball") into the assigned goals. Extra points can be scored by knocking the opponent into their assigned goal. Snow Shovel: The player character must destroy a large pile of snow atop Drum Castle within 60 seconds. (Note that health automatically regenerates in all non-battle challenges. Additionally, Secret Attacks are disabled in all challenges except Customize Rules.) Treasure Allows the player to access various features unlocked throughout Adventure Mode, including character profiles, voice clips, background music, illustration galleries, etc. Card Collection Allows the player to view cards from the official One Piece TCG, unlocked via fighting in Arena Mode. Cards can be zoomed in, zoomed out, and turned all-around. Cast