For other uses of this name, see One Piece (Disambiguation). One Piece is an action game released exclusively for the North American handheld market. It loosely adapts the entire East Blue Saga, chronicling the adventures of the first five Straw Hat Pirates and their ultimate voyage for the Grand Line. It was developed by Dimps Corporation, published by Bandai, and released in the United States in September 2005. As it was made in tandem with the 4Kids anime, the game uses many of the same naming conventions. Contents 1 Gameplay 1.1 Items 1.2 Crewmates 2 Game Modes 2.1 Stories 2.2 Mini-Games 2.3 Boss Battle 3 Bonus Features 4 Gallery 5 Trivia 6 References 7 External Links 8 Site Navigation Gameplay Luffy's standard long-range attack. Note how struck enemies can knock others back. The game is a conventional side-scrolling beat-'em-up, featuring Luffy as the sole playable character against a variety of enemies. Luffy begins with several of his trademark techniques, both short- and long-range; as the game progresses, several more can be unlocked to supplement both combat and exploration. In addition to a standard life bar (tied to a finite number of lives), Luffy carries a multi-tier "power" bar to fuel his stronger attacks with. This bar is recharged whenever Luffy successfully hits an enemy; different attacks supply different amounts of charge. Items Luffy may encounter a variety of helpful items throughout the game. These include: Apple: Restores a small amount of life. Rice Ball: Restores a large amount of life. Drumstick: Restores full life. Jolly Roger: Grants one tier to the technique bar. Luffy Head: Grants one extra life. Fist: Grants fifteen seconds of invincibility. Bomb: Can be thrown to damage enemies, or break otherwise-unbreakable barriers. Items may be found out in the open, or in breakable crates. Crewmates While the other Straw Hat Pirates are not playable, they can—conditionally—be accessed as support characters for Luffy. Each can be summoned to perform one of two special techniques. Zoro: Charges enemies in a straight line or strikes them with a tornado. Nami: Steals one item from an enemy or strikes all visible enemies with lightning. Usopp: Stuns enemies with rotten eggs or strikes them with explosives. Sanji: Delivers a series of kicks or delivers a roast that restores full health. Summoning crewmates will deplete the power bar, in effect substituting their special techniques for Luffy's own. Game Modes Stories Stories level menu, depicting current progress and crewmates. Stories mode, featuring two difficulty settings, adapts the East Blue Saga into six levels. Each level consists of three stages: A "platform" stage, focused on exploration, where Luffy must navigate numerous paths (and enemies) to reach a Jolly Roger checkpoint. A "hybrid" stage, where Luffy must navigate numerous paths (and enemies) to reach and defeat a boss character. A "versus" stage, free of exploration, where Luffy must defeat the level's main boss. In addition to ordinary enemies and bosses, levels may contain one or more "mini-boss" enemies that typically retreat when struck; defeating them