One Piece: Grand Adventure is a fighting/RPG game based on the One Piece manga and anime, released for the Sony PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube. An American-produced follow-up to One Piece: Grand Battle (the English localization of One Piece: Grand Battle! Rush!), Grand Adventure preserves its predecessor's gameplay while adding many new characters and features; though mostly tailored to the 4Kids anime, it adapts events of the series up to the Skypiea Arc. The game was developed by Ganbarion and published by Bandai-Namco Games. It was released on August 29, 2006, in the United States, on September 22, 2006, in the Europe, and on December 8, 2006, in Australia. As in Grand Battle, several inconsistencies with the 4Kids anime are present, such as references to Kuina's death and Mr. 2 Bon Clay's "Okama Fist" fighting style. Contents 1 Gameplay 1.1 Characters 1.2 Items 1.3 Arenas 2 Game Modes 2.1 Adventure Mode 2.1.1 Luffy 2.1.1.1 Recruitable Characters 2.1.2 Buggy 2.1.2.1 Recruitable Characters 2.1.3 Crocodile 2.1.3.1 Recruitable Characters 2.1.4 Chaser 2.1.4.1 Recruitable Characters 2.1.5 Usopp 2.2 Grand Battle Mode 2.2.1 Versus 2.2.2 Arena 2.2.3 Tournament 2.2.4 Records 2.2.5 Training 2.2.6 Special Game 2.3 Treasure 2.4 Card Collection 3 Cast 4 Differences 5 Features 6 Trivia 7 Notes 8 External links 9 Site Navigation Gameplay Combat is virtually identical to that of Grand Battle, with three-dimensional arcade-style fighting. Player characters can run, dash, jump, double-jump, block, and pick up (as well as throw, catch, and swing) items around the battlefield. Fighting consists of standard button combinations. Each player character can access 19 standard techniques, in addition to three classes of Secret Arts. These require the yellow Skill Gauge, which can be filled with coins around the battlefield; up to three charges can be stored. Support Attack: Summons a pre-selected support character, who will attack for a set time (usually 15 seconds) before disappearing. Costs one skill charge. Super Attack: An attack preceded by a close-up on the character's sprite, typically stronger than most (if not all) standard attacks. Costs one skill charge. Secret Attack: An attack that triggers a full cinematic, which may be one or two phases long; if the second phase is used as a finishing blow, a unique victory cinematic will play. Costs one skill charge if only the first phase is landed, three charges if both phases are landed, nothing otherwise. The first phase occurs in all cases, inflicting minimal damage. During this phase, both combatants may select one of three attributes—Strength, Technique, or Wisdom—from a rock-paper-scissors-like system. If the player makes the losing selection (or no selection at all), a "misfire" cinematic will play, ending the attack. The second phase—generally drawn from the character's strongest attack(s) in canon and featuring character-specific music—occurs if the player has made the winning selection or the same selection as the opponent. This phase inflicts more damage than the first, but the exact amount will depend on many factors, such as current health (relative to the opponent's) and the exact selection made. In