Arlong before and after battle. If the battle is entered with any other character, there is no dialogue at all. The bonus requirement for the level is simply to "Knock out opponent", not to use Usopp, so there is no indication that this dialogue would be here. There is an unused end-of-battle dialogue of the battle against Nami in Coco Village, which is voice-acted near the end of it. The dialogue was readded in the European version of the game. When entering the Syrup Village Sea Area in Luffy's Adventure mode, the player has two initial islands to choose from, either a battle with Usopp at Carmine Town or a Rumble Battle at Navy Base No.031. Either will proceed through the area in the same amount of levels, however if the player chooses the latter path and then completes the later battle with Usopp at the Ruins, the battle with him at Carmine Town is completely removed. Nothing is lost by skipping the battle, but it does make it the only "missable" battle in the game (completing the Carmine Town battle before the Ruins battle will let the former persist for the rest of the game). In the Jaya Sea Area, the battle with Don Krieg at Vinegar Village will only appear if Sanji is in the crew, essentially forcing the player to go back and recruit him if they hadn't up to that point. Interestingly, the battle with Arlong at Spice Village (also in Jaya) works similarly, only appearing if Nami is in the crew, however this can only be seen via cheats as it is impossible to progress past the Rogue Town Sea Area without re-recruiting Nami first. The battles in Jaya with Kuro and Buggy will always appear as long as Crocodile was defeated at Alubarna, making the fight with Arlong the only oddity here. Incidentally, the battle against Don Krieg that makes Sanji join the crew has special ending dialogue if completed with Sanji, making it easy to miss since it requires the player to repeat a battle without any bonus condition, thus unnecesary to replay. Chopper remains completely omissible in Luffy's Adventure Mode; aside from two bonus conditions needing to play as that character, the game does not force the player to recruit Chopper. Omitting Chopper's recruitment prevents his dialogue to be displayed. Oddly enough, this is not the case for Wapol and Shanks in Buggy's Adventure Mode, since their dialogue will still appear even if their recruitments were omitted. In the Drum Island Sea Area in Luffy's Adventure Mode, there is a "secret" exchange between Nico Robin and the Straw Hat Pirates in Ivory Town, wherein she asks them if they have seen Princess Vivi of Alabasta. This conversation is only accessible once, and it needs to be done before defeating (and recruiting) Vivi, since finishing that battle unlocks a battle mission inIvory Town against Nico Robin. In Smoker's Adventure Mode, the only way to make Kuina join the crew is by clearing the