Differences Most of the editing conflicts are gone, almost everything that said Marines now say Navy. However, in Adventure Mode, some characters occasionally refer to Marines instead of the Navy. Also, the Marine soldiers in the storm version of the Rogue Town stage have "Marine" written on their caps instead of Navy; this mistake isn't present on any other models. Stages have gone through various changes, and some character attacks and movements have been altered. Every stage now has an alternate version with various differences, some minor and some large. The Clima Tact's name is changed to Weather Forcer in one scene in Luffy's mode. However, it is called the Clima Tact everywhere else, including Nami's profile. Despite this, Nami still uses the 4Kids names of her attacks (e.g. Orb rather than Ball and Tempest rather than Tempo). Mihawk's blade's hilt has been edited into a less cross-like shape like the 4kids dubbed anime. Also, Mihawk's small dagger has the sides of its hilt chopped off. However, in the art for character selection, Mihawk's blade and dagger are still unedited. Features Pandaman is removed. Swing feature; players can swing containers and giant items (4-ton bat or Burn Blade) at enemies instead of just throwing them. Luffy has his Gum-Gum Cannon from the Water 7 Arc as his default Super Attack. Gum-Gum Storm can be used after beating Crocodile in Luffy's mode. When highlighting Luffy in any mode, the player just need to hold down L1 (PS2) or L (GameCube). Arena Mode to fight and rise up ranks. Updated graphics and attack effects. There is now a King of the Pirates outfit for Monkey D. Luffy as well as Skypiea outfits for everyone else (e.g. Robin also gets a kimono; Chopper gets Christmas outfit instead). The fruit are now coins with different colors/sizes instead. Crocodile will show battle damage: if attacked until his life is low, his hair will fall in his face. Also, his taunt is to reveal his dagger (although only if it's his venom hook; which will break off if enough damage is blocked with it), which adds a poisoning effect to his hook attacks. Adventure Mode features multiple before and after battle dialogues, some of which are fully voice acted while others only have some lines voiced. Some unique dialogues will also play depending on which character is used for the battle. Luffy and Vivi, for instance, each have unique dialogues with the final Crocodile battle at Alubarna in Luffy's Adventure Mode (with anyone else, Crocodile will give a much shorter generic dialogue). Trivia This is the first-ever One Piece game to ever feature Kuina and Zeff as playable characters; Kuina is also the first-ever deceased character playable in a One Piece game. Interestingly, Kuina and Zeff seem to have many attacks directly copied from Tashigi and Sanji, respectively (additionally, most of Zeff's attack names simply prefix "Zeff" onto Sanji's, e.g. "Zeff Table Charge"). Though American-produced, many of this game's soundtracks are reused from previous, Japanese-exclusive games