his 4P. Tashigi will take her coat and gloves off or put them back on. Vivi will do a long animation involving her spinning, which if completed will fully power up her Peacock Slashers immediately instead of needing to do her Princess Dance attack twice. Crocodile will take off his hook covering, allowing him to inflict poison on others. If his hook has been broken, he will instead use a small knife. Items Combatants may be helped or hindered by a variety of items around the battlefield. Items fall under three general categories. Treasure: Fills portions of the Skill Gauge. Activated on contact. Power-Up: Raises various combat abilities, sometimes while reducing others. Activated on contact. Attack: Inflicts damage and/or various status effects when attacked, thrown, or swung. Below is a table of items and their respective effects. Items are generally found by breaking the containers—barrels, crates, and treasure chests—positioned around each stage. Once broken, a container will always release several coins and one other item, which will usually fade if left alone for 10 seconds. Barrels and crates will release Attack items, while treasure chests will release Power-Ups. Containers can also be thrown for minor damage, or swung to inflict stunning damage. Arenas Game Modes Adventure Mode The game's main feature is Adventure Mode, which allows quasi-open world exploration of various islands and towns from the series canon. Each location contains at least one interactive element, most often a battle against another character (which may or may not be framed by a cutscene). Often, these battles will impose special conditions such as time limits, permanent power-ups on the opponent, or extra loot in the event a "bonus" condition is met. Winning a battle will usually unlock new locations, as well bestow experience points (EXP) on the player character; the higher the opponent's level, the more EXP gained. Passing a certain threshold of EXP will allow a character to attain new levels and improve on one of six combat capabilities: Health (HP): Expands health bar. Attack (ATK): Strengthens standard attacks. Defense (DEF): Reduces damage from opponent attacks. Super (SPR): Strengthens Super Attacks. Support (SPT): Strengthens support characters (in both attack power and health). Item (ITM): Increases damage from thrown/swung items. (Note that all player characters are capped at Level 100, and all capabilities are capped at 20.) There are five adventures in total, the protagonist of each representing a new difficulty level. Luffy Easy difficulty. A highly abridged retelling of the Straw Hat Pirates' adventures up to the Skypiea Arc. Notably, Nami joins before Zolo, and Vivi remains in the crew even after Alabasta. Chopper is also completely optional, being able to be skipped entirely or recruited after both Vivi and Robin. Alternatively, Chopper can also be recruited before meeting Vivi. Luffy's Adventure is unique as it has two endings unlike the other modes. Initially, doing the second battle with Crocodile in Alubarna will cause an ending to trigger. To proceed to Skypiea, the player has to battle and win against