in the Grand Battle! series, particularly Grand Battle! 2 and 3. This game's box-art reuses the box-art (and other promotional art) for the Japanese-exclusive Fighting for One Piece. Uniquely, Tashigi and Zeff exist as both playable characters and support characters. Tashigi's playable model is distinguished by her Alabasta Arc outfit (the support model, carried over from the previous game, uses her debut outfit). Wapol exists as both a playable character and an item/hazard on the Drum Island stage. If Wapol battles on the Drum Castle stage, his item counterpart will be recolored in a red-and-green palette distinct from both of his playable costumes. Unlike the 4kids English translation of Grand Battle! Rush!, this game had only been translated into one other language, Spanish. For some reason, Ms. New Year's Eve's hair is incorrectly colored grey in all of the menus. This error is not present in the previous game Grand Battle! Rush!, which uses the exact same icons but has her hair correctly colored blue. Due to a glitch, Ohm will give Wapol's pre-battle and victory lines if used on the Drum Castle stage. Trace's middle initial is rendered with an extra full stop—as "Portgaz .D. Trace"—in any menus that use the large font for names. This may possibly be a holdover from preexisting Japanese text, as Japanese conventionally uses two interpuncts when rendering names with middle initials. Aside from Luffy himself, Zeff is the only character who is never fought in Luffy's Adventure Mode. Kuina is the first female combatant in the Grand Battle! series (discounting support characters) that does not trigger Sanji's "lovestruck" dialogue and animations, most likely due to her young age. Every character was given a recolor of their default outfit to make them easily distinguishable in mirror matches. Most of these color schemes are completely non-canon, but a couple do take elements from canon outfits worn by the characters: Robin's 5P costume is a white version of the outfit she initially wears in the Whisky Peak Arc, making her resemble her second outfit worn in the Arabasta Arc. Tashigi's 2P costume, while mostly just a red/purple recolor of her usual pre-timeskip outfit, actually directly uses the design of her undershirt from the Loguetown Arc, being yellow with a pink floral pattern. The description of Robin's Hat belonging claims "Ms. Sunday always wears this hat. There are 2 types: navy blue and white." despite her usual hat actually being a shade of purple. This is even more glaring with the context of the game itself, where Robin's clothes are depicted as much lighter and even less blue than in the anime. The description of Vivi's Perfume belonging states that it is "A treat from Nanohana, a port town in Alabasta. Very popular with the girls." The anime never makes mention of where Vivi obtains her perfume from. In the Rogue Town Sea Area in Luffy's Adventure mode, entering the Arlong battle at Salt Village with Usopp will play a unique, fully voice-acted exchange between Usopp and