Shanks at the Wrecked Ship in Alabasta. This will unlock the Graveyard of Ships area. Then, after defeating both Mihawk and Shanks, the second of the two defeated will give Luffy a Log Pose to Skypiea. At this point, returning to the Inshore Alabasta Kingdom area will reveal a new battle at Sienna Town with Nico Robin has been added. If the player wins against Robin, they will get access to the Jaya Sea Area, with the only accessible island having a Box Crusher minigame. Once this minigame is won, a conversation will be had with Blackbeard telling the crew about Skypiea. Luffy will then remember he still has to defeat Crocodile, at which point winning the battle with Crocodile at Alubarna will no longer end the game, allowing the player to progress through Jaya to Skypiea and recruit Nico Robin. Recruitable Characters Luffy Nami Zoro Usopp Sanji (optional for first ending, needed for Jaya Sea Area) Vivi Chopper (optional) Robin (unobtainable before defeating Crocodile, required after) Buggy Normal difficulty. A quasi-original story depicting Buggy's quest for revenge on Luffy, which leads the Buggy Pirates to encounter the Straw Hats' old enemies and friends alike. Recruitable Characters Buggy Kuro (optional) Don Krieg (optional) Arlong (optional) Wapol (optional) Shanks (optional) Trace (optional) Crocodile Hard difficulty. A quasi-canon story depicting Crocodile's four-year campaign building Baroque Works and plotting Alabasta's conquest. Crocodile's Adventure is unique as the obtainable crewmembers change depending on the order you complete battles in. For any of the 'or' crewmembers below, whoever is fought first will be the one Crocodile recruits, with the remaining character left unrecruitable for that playthrough. Recruitable Characters Crocodile Nico Robin Bon Clay Chopper or Wapol Nami or Arlong Sanji or Don Krieg Ohm (optional) Eneru (optional) Chaser Very Hard difficulty. A quasi-canon story depicting Chaser's tireless pursuit of the Straw Hat Pirates from Roguetown to Alabasta. Notably, Crocodile permanently leaves after defeating Nico Robin at Ivory Town in the Drum Kingdom Sea Area, making him the only crewmember to permanently leave a crew. Recruitable Characters Chaser Tashigi Crocodile (temporary) Kuina (optional) Zeff Mihawk (optional) Usopp Pirate Panic difficulty. No overarching story; instead, the player builds a custom crew out of any characters unlocked in the previous four adventures, with Usopp being the only required character. This is the hardest difficulty by far, with most opponents being level 40 or much higher. As characters' levels and stats are the shared each captain's adventure, it's usually recommended to level up characters in easier modes first. Grand Battle Mode In Grand Battle mode, players are allowed to fight to their heart's content using any characters they have unlocked, without any of the restrictions that come with Adventure Mode. In Grand Battle mode, an "All-Support" system allows any character to take any Support Character into battle (with a few exceptions), and saved data from Adventure Mode may be accessed to give the chosen character aspects such as stronger attacks, a longer health bar, etc. Opening up the Grand