is strictly optional, but often provides unique bonuses. Each level also contains several stationary characters that produce dialogue when approached; these may also enable various bonuses. Once a stage is cleared, the overall score (measured in Belly to represent Luffy's growing bounty) is tallied, based on what and how many enemies were defeated. The stage may then be re-played any number of times. Following the canon storyline, each level—except the last—ends with a new Straw Hat Pirate joining Luffy, building a party to be used in coming levels. Non-versus stages will begin with Luffy's available crewmates wandering off ahead; to use them, Luffy must find them one-by-one and restore them to the party. Versus stages will begin with all crewmates gathered in the last-completed stage. Levels are bridged by the Ship Battle Royale mini-game, which tasks Luffy with defeating a set number of enemies aboard the Merry within 60 seconds. If successful, Luffy will earn a number of extra lives based on how quickly he finished. Mini-Games Clearing all six levels of Stories mode (on either difficulty) will unlock Mini-Games mode, featuring a high-scoring version of Ship Battle Royale. In this mode, the game has no time limit and infinite enemies; the only objective is to defeat as many as possible. Three difficulty settings are available: Easy, with ordinary pirates as enemies Normal, with Navy recruits as enemies Hard, with Fish-Men as enemies Boss Battle Finding all fifty of the coins hidden throughout Stories mode will unlock the Boss Battle, where Luffy must fight all twelve (mandatory) bosses back-to-back. No continue option is available; losing on any stage will immediately end the challenge. Three difficulty settings are available: Easy, with a full crew at hand, enemies at minimal power, and full health restored between battles Normal, with a full crew at hand, enemies at standard power, and 90% health restored between battles Hard, with no crew at hand, enemies at maximum power, and 80% health restored between battles Bonus Features Fifty collectibles, referencing various items and oddities from the series, can be found throughout Stories mode. Some are automatically awarded for clearing a level; others can only be gained with specific character interactions or scores. Zolo's Stomach Band Rika's Rice Balls Axe-Hand Morgan Statue Alvida's Iron Bar Map of the Grand Line Treasure Key Cabaji's Unicycle Chouchou's Dog Food Special Buggy Ball Usopp's Sling Shot The Merry Go Kotatsu-buton Cape Chakram Cat's Claw Lollipop Mackerel Head One Free Food Gas Mask Bell-Mere's Tangerine Genzo's Pinwheel Snail Hatchan's Octopus Trap Roast Pork Tooth Gum Momoo Usopp's Goggles Elephant Tuna Chop Chop Fruit Billow-a-Bike Truncheon Wado Kitetsu III Yubashiri Shigure Black Sword Straw Hat Gum Gum Fruit Master of the Near Sea Pansamay Pandaman Straw Hat Pirates flag Navy flag Buggy Pirates flag Black Cat Pirates flag Krieg Armada flag Arlong Pirates flag Alvida Pirates flag Veggie Pirates flag Cook Pirates flag Red Hair Pirates flag The two types of treasure chest hidden throughout the game. Most collectibles have no effect on gameplay. A notable exception is the Treasure Key, which allows Luffy to open the many treasure chests (a common source of coins) scattered throughout Stories mode. Each level also contains one miniature treasure chest; these cannot be opened, but become collectible once Gaimon (hidden in the Syrup Village level) has been spoken to. Bringing all six chests to Gaimon will unlock the Sound Test, which contains the game's entire soundtrack. Trivia The game's box art is modified from that of One Piece: Grand Battle (the English localization of One Piece: Grand Battle! Rush!). Most of the game's sprites and animations are recycled from Dimps' previous One Piece game Grand Battle! Swan Colosseum. The music is largely remixed from that of Swan Colosseum as well. The gameplay is also very similar to that of Dragon Ball: Advanced Adventure, another Shonen Jump-licensed game developed by Dimps. This is the only American-released One Piece game to go further in censoring Sanji's cigarette than simply removing it, recoloring it to look like a drinking straw in all of Sanji's sprites. In addition, the Baratie level features the infamous lollipop as a collectible.