Yehudi is the Super Big Great Fleet Admiral of the Age Age Super Marines and the main antagonist of One Piece Premier Show 2022. Contents 1 Appearance 2 Personality 3 Abilities and Powers 3.1 Devil Fruit 4 History 4.1 Past 4.2 One Piece Premier Show 2022 5 Trivia 6 References 7 Site Navigation Appearance Yehudi is a normal-sized man with a large nose, short black hair, and a black goatee. He wears a glittery silver cape and outfit covered in straps, silver leather patches, and fishnetting. He also wears a silver cap with an arrow pointing up on the front and two wings with blue feathers coming from the sides. Personality Yehudi seems to be an ambitious individual, plotting to showcase the might of the Age Age Super Marines to the genuine Marine organization. Abilities and Powers As the leader of the Age Age Super Marines, Yehudi has authority over his subordinates. Devil Fruit Further information: Chuni Chuni no Mi Yehudi ate the Chuni Chuni no Mi, a Paramecia-type Devil Fruit that allows him to tune abilities and powers by firing beams or making direct contact with his target. History Past At some point in the past, Yehudi was a member of the Marines, and was friends with Kuzan. They made a promise with each other, promising to deal with one another if they betrayed their sense of justice. At an unknown point, Yehudi was apparently expelled from the Marines due to his extreme sense of justice. One Piece Premier Show 2022 Yehudi led the Age Age Super Marines in a raid against Buggy's Delivery, using his Chuni Chuni no Mi abilities to defeat Buggy, Galdino, and Alvida. Upon its completion, he was informed of the Straw Hat Pirates presence on Soil Island, and he decided to hijack a live performance that was being broadcast across the world and publicly execute the crew as a show of power. He was approached by Shirotsu and Kuroba, who had watched him defeat Buggy, and asked about his training. However, when he learned they wanted to be Admirals like Kuzan, he proclaimed that he was even better than an Admiral, and offered them to join the Super Marines. While Shirotsu accepted immediately, Kuroba found the proposal suspicious. Yehudi and the Age Age Super Marines, with the two boys in tow, went to find the Straw Hats in town. In their initial attack, the Super Marines successfully captured Jinbe, but damaged a civilian's store in the process. Kuroba questioned the need to involve innocent people, but Yehudi argued that justice always requires sacrifice. They followed the Straw Hats, and the Super Marines attacked the rest of the crew, defeating them but being forced to retreat due to reports that a former Warlord had defeated part of their fleet. In the process, they were separated by Shirotsu and Kuroba. Some time later, Shirotsu returned to see Yehudi without Kuroba and asked to join the Age Age Super Marines. Yehudi accepted, granting him power through the