two boys in tow, went to find the Straw Hats in town. In their initial attack, the Super Marines successfully captured Jinbe, but damaged a civilian's store in the process. Despite Kuroba's distaste with Yehudi's methods, Shirotsu was simply impressed with his strength. They followed the Straw Hats, and the Super Marines attacked the rest of the crew, defeating them but being forced to retreat due to outside circumstances. In awe of the group's strength and their ability to even defeat the Straw Hats, Shirotsu tried to convince Kuroba to join, but he declined, giving up on their childhood promise and running away. With Kuroba gone, Shirotsu returned to see Yehudi, who was surprised at Kuroba's absence. Shirotsu asked to join the Age Age Super Marines, and Yehudi accepted, granting him power through the Chuni Chuni no Mi. However, Shirotsu was unable to handle the power he was given, and he shrieked in pain. When Yehudi was finished, Shirotsu was given a black cloak, and was considered a member of the Super Marines. When the Straw Hats launched an assault on the Super Marines, Shirotsu was tasked with defeating Luffy. He used an imitation of Rokuogan to damage Luffy before he switched places with Kuroba, who began pleading with Shirotsu, though the boy was out of control. Finally, after being repeatedly injured, Kuroba apologized for giving up on their promise, waking Shirotsu from his stupor. Yehudi angrily attacked the two boys, claiming that friendship is a waste of time, but he was stopped by Luffy. As they fought, Yehudi reclaimed the boost he had given to Shirotsu, fully ending the two boys' fight. They watched as the Straw Hats defeated the various members of the Super Marines. As the battles came to a close, Captain Koby arrived on Soil Island, and the two boys were shocked to discover he was friends with Luffy. Upon hearing their dream, Koby asked them if they wanted to join the Marines, which they both accepted. Trivia Shirotsu's name comes from shirotsumekusa (白詰草?), the Japanese word for "white clover". This pairs with his friend Kuroba's name, which originates from "clover".