Shirotsu is a boy from Soil Island. He appears in One Piece Premier Show 2022. Contents 1 Appearance 2 Personality 3 Abilities and Powers 3.1 Rokushiki 4 History 4.1 Past 4.2 One Piece Premier Show 2022 5 Trivia 6 References 7 Site Navigation Appearance Shirotsu is a slim adolescent boy with short brown hair. He wears lime green cargo shorts, a short-sleeved white button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up, calf-length white socks, a white baseball cap, blue sneakers with white laces, and a light blue cape with white lining. He has a silver four leaf clover symbol on his cap, shirt, and cape. As a member of the Age Age Super Marines, he wore a black cloak above his normal clothes. Personality Shirotsu, like his friend Kuroba, is an ambitious person, who aspires to join the Marines and become an Admiral. He specifically looks up to Admiral Aokiji. Unlike Kuroba, he is much less firm on his beliefs, and had no problem with Yehudi's philosophy of involving civilians in combat. Abilities and Powers Despite being a fully self-taught fighter, Shirotsu is fairly strong, defeating a group of Dondoko Pirates by himself. When under the effect of the Chuni Chuni no Mi, Shirotsu was significantly more powerful, and utilized a technique resembling the Rokuogan. In this form, he was capable of battling Luffy, but was unable to control himself. Rokushiki Main article: Rokushiki Shirotsu has taught himself a variant of Tekkai, which was strong enough to perfectly defend against one of Luffy's attacks. History Past When they were young, Kuroba and Shirotsu made a promise to each other, to join the Marines and become Admirals. One Piece Premier Show 2022 When Soil Island was attacked by the Dondoko Pirates, Kuroba was surrounded by a group of pirates, but Shirotsu saved him. After the Straw Hat Pirates dispatched the rest of the pirates, Shirotsu and Kuroba ran into Luffy, and Shirotsu recognized him. Realizing that they would gain a reputation as do-gooders if they could defeat him, Shirotsu challenged Luffy to a fight. As they began fighting, Luffy punched Shirotsu, who blocked the strike with a self-taught technique resembling Tekkai. Having defeated Kuroba to the side, Zoro asked who the two boys were, and when they explained they wanted to be like Admiral Aokiji, Luffy reminisced about their battle on Long Ring Long Land; realizing that Luffy had fought their idol, Shirotsu challenged him again, but Luffy declined. The two pirates ran from the boys as Shirotsu and Kuroba gave chase, eventually losing them. Some time later, Shirotsu and Kuroba watched as Yehudi and the Age Age Super Marines defeated the Warlord Buggy. Impressed with his strength, they asked about his training and explained they wanted to be Admirals like Kuzan, but Yehudi claimed to be even better than that. He offered the two boys to join the Age Age Super Marines, and while Shirotsu accepted immediately, Kuroba found the proposal suspicious. Yehudi and the Age Age Super Marines, with the