Electro. Additionally, during the raid, the alliance gained four former members of the crews of two emperors: Marco and Izou from the Whitebeard Pirates and Yamato and X Drake from the Beasts Pirates. Also, while not strictly apart of the alliance the Kid Pirates fought alongside them, against the Beasts Pirates. History Past Samurai and Mink Origins Shortly after the death of Kouzuki Oden, his son, Kouzuki Momonosuke, and some of his retainers were sent 20 years to the future, to the current time, and began recruiting allies for their counterattack. Though there were some loyal retainers of Oden still around, it was far too small to contend with the Beasts Pirates and Orochi's forces. As such, they headed out to sea too look for more allies, with their first destination being Zou, to recruit the Minks. However, due to a betrayal leaking their plans, and the samurai inexperience in sailing, the time-traveling warriors ended up splitting out at sea. Raizo made it to Zou, where the Minks hid him, from the Beasts Pirates who raided the island in search of him, even using poison gas to defeat the Minks. Kanjuro ended up on Dressrosa, where he hid himself in the scrap heap, and waited until he was found by his allies. Kin'emon and Momonosuke found themselves on Punk Hazard, with Kin'emon being split apart by Law, and Momonosuke, having been mistaken as one of Caesar's 'guinea pigs' for his Gigantification experiments, though the boy escaped, ate an Artificial Devil Fruit, and then fell into the garbage dump. Dressrosa Saga Punk Hazard Arc After landing on Punk Hazard, and several incidents occurred, the Straw Hat Pirates encountered Trafalgar Law who had wished to form an alliance with them in order to take down Kaidou (though secretly, Law's target was 'Joker'). Luffy agreed and the Straw Hat-Heart Alliance was formed. The first part of Law's plan, was to have the Straw Hats kidnap Caesar Clown, while he destroyed the SAD production facility. This was necessary so that the production of SMILE's, mass produced artificial Zoan Devil Fruits, would cease. The alliance managed to succeed, and during the task the Straw Hats encountered Kin'emon and Momonosuke, befriending them and helping them out of their predicaments. Straw Hats, Law, Kin'emon and Momonosuke read the news about the alliance between Luffy and Law. They then left Punk Hazard with Law, Kin'emon and Momonosuke, where their new ally explained his plan enroute to Dressrosa, the kingdom ruled by Donquixote Doflamingo (a.k.a. Joker). Law planned to negotiate with Doflamingo for the return of Caesar, in return for his abdication of his position as one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. If Doflamingo complied, he would become a normal pirate and be targeted by the Marine Admirals, though if he refused, the Heavenly Demon would instead be targeted by Kaidou, for no longer supplying him with SMILE's. However, Law planned it so that during the hostage exchange, some of the Straw Hats would infiltrate Dressrosa, locate