The Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance, originally Straw Hat-Heart Alliance, was an alliance first formed between the Straw Hat Pirates and Heart Pirates, but later on expanded to the Kouzuki Family and the Mink Tribe. Their goal was to take down Kaidou of the Four Emperors, which succeeded during an all-out battle and put an end to Kaidou's master plan. Upon the conclusion of their mission, the alliance officially disbanded with the groups going their separate ways: the two Worst Generation crews left Wano and continued their quests of finding One Piece; the Kouzuki Family regained their shogunate over the country after twenty years; the two kings of the Mink Tribe decided to stay at Wano and pass their leadership to Carrot. Contents 1 Members 1.1 Organization 1.1.1 Preparation Works 1.1.2 Invasion 1.1.3 Attacking Force 2 Alliance Strength 3 History 3.1 Past 3.1.1 Samurai and Mink Origins 3.2 Dressrosa Saga 3.2.1 Punk Hazard Arc 3.2.2 Dressrosa Arc 3.3 Whole Cake Island Saga 3.3.1 Zou Arc 3.4 Wano Country Saga 3.4.1 Wano Country Arc 3.5 Legacy 4 Trivia 5 References 6 Site Navigation Members See also the associated category: Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance. With the goal of reaching 5,000 strong, the alliance managed to gather around 4,200 men. Shortly before the raid on Onigashima, Denjiro brought 1,200 men with him from the Flower Capital, exceeding Kin'emon's goal by around 400 men. (Deceased)†: the character is deceased. (Unknown status)?: the character's status is unknown. (Non-Canon)≠: the character is non-canon. (Former)‡: the character is no longer part of this group. Hovering the symbol may give further details. (Note)*: other relevant information. Hovering the symbol gives further details. Organization Preparation Works Before the attack, the alliance divided its forces into teams. The Ship Repair Team (船整備班, Fune Seibi Han?) was responsible for repairing the ships at Itachi Port with Franky and Usopp as members. The Weapons Prep Team (兵器準備班, Heiki Junbi Han?) was responsible for preparing weapons in Udon with Hyougoro as a member. The Katana Retrieval Team (刀回収班, Katana Kaishū Han?) was responsible for recovering swords in Ringo with Cho as a member. The Yakuza Rousing Team (反逆者統率班, Hangyakusha Tōsotsu Han?) was responsible for the commanders in Kibi with Yatappe as a member. Invasion During the Raid on Onigashima, the forces split into four groups, according to Law's plan. With the entrance of the Nine Red Scabbards to the Skull Dome, the alliance reassembled for the war against Kaidou and his forces. Attacking Force The alliance has over 11,457 men, not counting their occasional allies and non-fighting support. Alliance Strength The alliance includes three crews from the Worst Generation, the Kouzuki Family, the Mink Tribe from Mokomo Dukedom, numerous allies from Wano Country, a marine rear admiral undercover as a pirate, and a Super Rookie. The Pirates have a combined bounty of at least 4,763,000,600, the Kouzuki Family is a noble family in Wano Country, leading a legendary group of powerful Samurai, and the minks are all born warriors with the ability to produce electric shocks known as