their team-up was to defeat a common enemy: the young, but exceptionally powerful Monkey D. Luffy, and remain allied even after their initial failure. They also conspired to find Captain John's long-lost treasure. After Buggy became a Warlord of the Sea during the time-skip, he was forbidden to hold an official alliance with Alvida as equals, though no action or knowledge is seen taken against both crews. However, it is possible that Alvida became fully integrated into the Buggy Pirates, becoming an administer of Buggy's Delivery. Saruyama Alliance Further information: Saruyama Alliance The Saruyama Alliance. The Saruyama Alliance is an alliance that was formed between three pirate captains, Mont Blanc Cricket and his surrogate sons "Salvage King" Masira and his brother "Sonar King" Shoujou. It composes of two pirate crews led by the brothers: the Masira Pirates (マシラ海賊団, Mashira Kaizokudan?) and Shoujou Pirates (ショウジョウ海賊団, Shōjō Kaizokudan?). Unlike many other alliances seen, they are extremely loyal to each other to the end, akin to a family, which makes their alliance permanent as a result. They work together to salvage evidence for the lost Sky Island, in order to prove Cricket's ancestor, Mont Blanc Noland, was not a liar. Their alliance continued in search for new dreams, and are currently looking for the 'Island of Dreams', Nakrowa. Disbanded New Fish-Man and Flying Pirate Alliance The New Fish-Man and Flying Pirate Alliance. The New Fish-Man Pirates and the Flying Pirates, led by Hody Jones and Vander Decken IX formed an alliance in order to overthrow the Ryugu Kingdom. The two conspired to have Hody break into the palace while Decken could capture Shirahoshi and marry her. However, the true reason for Hody teaming with Decken was so he could kill Shirahoshi because Hody deemed her the biggest threat to his plans due to her ability to summon and control Sea-Kings. After Decken failed on his part, the alliance did not last very long, with Hody even declaring Decken useless. Then after Decken sent Noah after Shirahoshi, Hody stabbed him with a trident in order to send Noah down towards Fish-Man Island, effectively ending their alliance. Kid, On Air, and Hawkins Pirate Alliance The Kid, On Air, and Hawkins alliance. During the Punk Hazard Arc, three captains of the Worst Generation—Eustass Kid, Scratchmen Apoo and Basil Hawkins—met on the Kid Pirates' base to discuss the terms of an alliance for the sole purpose of defeating Shanks. Despite some minor altercations, the three were eventually able to come to terms, and their alliance was reported in the newspaper. After Law and Luffy's victory over Doflamingo, the three pirates were relieved that the two were not going after the same Emperor they were targeting. Little did they know, Apoo was secretly working as an informant for the Beasts Pirates and was setting up his cohorts to join the crew as well. Suddenly, Kaidou landed on their base and the three found themselves face-to-face with him. Apoo was already working for Kaidou and betrayed the others, and