Cake Island with Nami, Chopper, and Brook to rescue Sanji, guided by Pekoms, with Pedro later joining them, while Zoro, Usopp, Robin, Franky, the Heart Pirates, and the samurai would head to Wano Country. Meanwhile, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi planned to search for Marco in order to increase their alliance's strength. The elephant carrying Zou, Zunesha, came under attack by Jack and his men, but on Momonosuke's command, it wiped out his entire fleet. With everything settled, the alliance split up and began their missions, with Momonosuke and Inuarashi staying on Zou to communicate with Zunesha and defend against any future Beasts Pirates attacks. Wano Country Saga Wano Country Arc Nekomamushi and the Guardians have traveled to an island, and while the Guardians stayed behind, Nekomamushi entered a secret village behind a waterfall, where he met Marco. Marco was shown caring for the villagers as he believed that the village is Whitebeard's keepsake and he wished to protect it. After they talked, Nekomamushi concluded that Marco would not come with him, and Marco asked Nekomamushi to deliver a message to Luffy. Meanwhile in Wano Country, as instructed by Kin'emon, the Straw Hats (Zoro, Usopp, Robin, and Franky) disguised themselves in order to hide their infiltration from the Shogun, Kurozumi Orochi, guards, and subsequently the Beasts Pirates. However, Zoro was caught and falsely accused of a series of murders, forcing him to go on the run after attacking the magistrate. Kin'emon's group worked on gathering allies and after Luffy's group arrived at Wano Country, Kin'emon met up with them at the ruins of Oden Castle and revealed a plan to attack Onigashima, the island where Kaidou resided, in two weeks. However, a drunk Kaidou arrived to take down Luffy and Law after finding out they had caused trouble on the island. He attacked the ruins of Oden Castle and then fought Luffy, whom he swiftly defeated and had imprisoned. During Orochi's private prelude party before the Fire Festival, Robin infiltrated the party under the guise of one of the dancing geishas and discovered the shogun's scheduled for the day as well as his company number and weapons. After the chaos at the palace, the Beasts Pirates discovered Kin'emon's secret message and started arresting every person with the mark of the Kouzuki Family, a crescent moon, on their ankle. During their search, Hawkins and Drake encountered Nami, Robin, and Shinobu, though they managed to escape with Sanji's help. Meanwhile, several members of the Heart Pirates were captured. When Kin'emon was informed about the leak, he began to worry about his allies and their plan. Meanwhile, Zoro encountered Kouzuki Hiyori and swap information with her regarding the members of the Nine Red Scabbards and her brother. Luffy met Hyougoro in the Udon Prisoner Mines and started training his Armament Haki under his tutelage, preparing for his next battle against Kaidou. After learning about the alliance's plan, Shimotsuki Yasuie volunteered to join the fight. When the alliance's plan began falling apart due to Orochi and