information: Silver Pirate Alliance The Silver Pirate Alliance is a non-canon alliance made up of multiple pirate crews, whose main purpose seems to be capturing rival pirate crews with high bounties and stealing their treasure. The Silver Pirate Alliance, unlike a normal pirate alliance where the leaders of the individual crews are considered equals, have a hierarchy more similar to a fleet, with the pirate known as Bill as their leader. The alliance has been picking up crews along the Grand Line who were doomed to fail, and promise them a new lease on life. They are also provided with powerful weapons forged with Bill's smelting powers. They have been active in the New World since one year prior to the current timeline, and have already taken down over a hundred of rivaling pirate crews. Their base of operations was stationed on Silver Mine, which had plenty of ore for Bill to utilize his powers. However, the entire alliance is actually a sham so that Bill can pay off his debt to Gild Tesoro. While Bill appears to be a charismatic leader who worries for his comrades, in truth, he has no genuine care for any of them, intending to sacrifice all of them for their bounties when they run out of uses, and anyone who falls short of his standards were sent to work in the underground mines as slaves. He would even attack and destroy pirate crews and recruit the remnants without letting them know of his part in their destruction, such as he did with the Sweet Pirates. After his initial defeat by Luffy, Bill became mad with worry that he could not pay his debts to Tesoro and decided to use his powers to destroy the island along with his enemies. His rampage caused many of his subordinates to desert him to save themselves, causing the alliance to break apart. However, Bill ultimately lost to Luffy again, and afterwards, he and his headquarters sank to the depths of the sea, thus ending the Silver Pirate Alliance completely. Concludes non-canon section. Trivia The World Government fears that if at least two of the Four Emperors ally together, they could cause an upset in the balance of power in the world. As of the Wano Country Arc, the World Government's fear comes true when Big Mom and Kaidou formed an alliance to conquer the world. Interestingly, Buggy urged ´Gol D. Roger to accept an alliance with Shiki, but his captain enjoyed his freedom too much to consider it. Years later as a pirate captain himself, Buggy would strike up an alliance with Alvida, meaning that in contrast to his former captain, Buggy seems to favor alliances between crews.