Hawkins decided to join him since it was his only chance to stay alive. Kid, on the other hand, refused to serve under Kaidou, and as a result, he and Killer were both badly beaten by the Emperor and subsequently imprisoned in the Wano Country. Because of Apoo and Hawkins' betrayal, Kid declared that the alliance between the three pirate crews is over. Anti-Straw Hat Alliance Fleet of the Anti-Straw Hat Alliance. After the defeat and arrest of Donquixote Doflamingo, many pirates who relied on Joker's merchandise were immediately troubled at their sudden shortage of weapons. As such, they quickly created an alliance, intending on destroying the Straw Hat Pirates who defeated him. They also planned on forcing the current king of Dressrosa, King Riku Doldo III, to take responsibility for Doflamingo and force him to complete his quota for them. However, just as the alliance confronted the Straw Hats and their new fleet, they were quickly annihilated by Marine Admiral Fujitora, who used his gravity powers to drop a massive pile of rocks on top of them. Sanji Retrieval Team-Fire Tank Alliance The Retrieval Team-Fire Tank Alliance. This alliance was formed between the Sanji Retrieval Team—a group consisting of Luffy, Nami, Sanji, Chopper, and Brook of the Straw Hat Pirates, Jinbe of the Sun Pirates, and Pedro and Carrot of the Mokomo Dukedom—and the Fire Tank Pirates, as well as Caesar Clown who was forcibly recruited by Fire Tank captain Capone Bege. The alliance's primary goal was to assassinate Big Mom during her Tea Party. Between one and three days before the Tea Party, Bege recruited Caesar, who was being forced to work in a factory for the Big Mom Pirates. Caesar was forced to serve Bege due to Bege possessing his disembodied heart, and developed KX Launcher weapons to kill Big Mom. The Sanji Retrieval Team wished to stop the Tea Party in order to rescue Sanji's birth family, the Vinsmoke Family, from being assassinated during the event, so on Jinbe's suggestion they teamed up with the Fire Tank Pirates to best achieve this goal. Bege had no issue with the retrieval team's objective, but ordered Luffy to aid in his plot by going out and destroying Big Mom's portrait of Mother Carmel, which would cause Big Mom to have a psychological crisis, unleash a deafening scream that would incapacitate her crew, and become weakened. Luffy agreed to this, despite his role being the most dangerous. Due to his role as the mastermind of the assassination plot, Bege held the most authority over the entire alliance. He gave Luffy and his team freedom to come up with their own plan to enter the tea party venue and rescue the Vinsmokes, but ultimately had oversight in terms of setting those plans up. The rest of the Sanji Retrieval Team focused on saving the Vinsmokes, while Caesar was tasked with flying in a mirror which the alliance would use to escape after the assassination. Going through the mirror would be