For the chapter or volume of the same name, see Chapter 668 and Volume 68. A Pirate Alliance is a pact between two or more pirate captains and their respective crews. Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Leadership, Goals and Benefits 1.2 Issues 2 List of Alliances 2.1 Active 2.1.1 Buggy and Alvida Alliance 2.1.2 Saruyama Alliance 2.2 Disbanded 2.2.1 New Fish-Man and Flying Pirate Alliance 2.2.2 Kid, On Air, and Hawkins Pirate Alliance 2.2.3 Anti-Straw Hat Alliance 2.2.4 Sanji Retrieval Team-Fire Tank Alliance 2.2.5 Beasts and Big Mom Pirate Alliance 2.2.6 Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance 2.2.7 Anti-World Alliance 2.2.8 Silver Pirate Alliance 3 Trivia 4 References 5 Site Navigation Overview Leadership, Goals and Benefits The captains who formed the alliance are theoretically equal in status, and cannot give each other orders. They may have limited control over each other's crews, but the highest authority still lies with the respective captains. In a situation where one of the captains gets captured, the other can take charge of their remaining subordinates. An alliance is usually formed with the purpose of reaching a specific, mutual goal. It may be something that neither crew could accomplish on their own, such as defeating a powerful enemy, finding a lost treasure or even conquering a nation. Issues Hody betrays Decken. A common problem with pirate alliances is betrayal; when one captain sees no more use of the other, it results in treason in order to reduce the needs to share glory. Also, due to their mutual goal being the only thing that binds them together, they usually have little to no respect for members of the allied crews, leading to one insulting the other behind their backs or even attacking them over perceived threats. However, if the allied groups have enough respect for each other, then these issues can be avoided and their alliance could either become permanent or they can part ways on good terms when their goal is reached. Another problem is that an attempt to even establish an alliance between captains and their respective crews can result in conflict if it fails, like when Shiki and the Golden Lion Pirates proposed an alliance with Gol D. Roger and the Roger Pirates which resulted in the Battle of Edd War when Roger rejected Shiki's offer. For the Seven Warlords of the Sea, forming an alliance essentially means forfeiting their status, as the World Government does not permit such affiliations with criminals unless the Warlord claims that their ally is subordinate to them. Also, due to their sheer power, the World Government dreaded the possibility that one of the Four Emperors would forge an alliance with each other. List of Alliances Active Buggy and Alvida Alliance Further information: Buggy and Alvida Alliance Alvida with the Buggy Pirates. The Buggy and Alvida Pirate Alliance is an alliance formed by Captains Buggy and Alvida and their respective pirate bands, the Buggy Pirates and the Alvida Pirates (although for the latter, only its captain remained from them). The main purpose for