crews from The Worst Generation, formed an alliance. The respective captains, Trafalgar D. Water Law and Monkey D. Luffy, teamed up with the sole purpose of overthrowing Kaidou of the Four Emperors. This alliance was proposed by Law, who, at the time, was still a Warlord of the Sea. However, the true reason for the alliance was to destroy the SMILE Factory that belonged to another Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo, who allied with Kaidou; what Law did not inform Luffy at the time was that he intended to kill Doflamingo and destroy the entire Donquixote Pirates to avenge the death of Donquixote Rosinante. The alliance was placed in the newspaper the next day and all around the world people reacted in shock upon learning of it. Kin'emon and Momonosuke joined the group hoping to save Kanjuro. On Dressrosa, Law called off the alliance while facing Doflamingo but after being captured Luffy forced him back into it stating that it was his choice and not Law's, much to Law's irritation, but reluctant acceptance. As Law is a Warlord of the sea, he was forbidden from allying with pirates who are not allied with the Government, and as such his title is revoked. Although they have yet to achieve their promised goal of defeating Kaidou, the alliance has succeeded Law's quest to defeat Doflamingo. the results of their victory over Doflamingo were reported on a global scale. This alliance is notable as the two captains of this alliance Monkey D. Luffy & Trafalgar D. Water Law are both carriers of D. Upon reuniting with the other half of the Straw Hat Pirates on Zou, the alliance learned that the samurai of the Kouzuki Family were fighting against Kaidou as well, who is currently occupying Wano Country with the shogun there. They requested to form an additional branch to the Heart-Straw Hat Alliance to take down the Emperor, and Luffy accepted, forming an alliance between the pirates, the Kouzuki Family, and the Mink Tribe. Luffy dubbed this group as the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance. With the Beasts Pirates defeated and Kaidou and Kurozumi Orochi being deposed from Wano's leadership, the alliance reached its goal and officially ended. The following events are non-canon, and therefore not considered part of the canon story. Anti-World Alliance The Anti-World Alliance was a non-canon allied fleet of both pirates and Marines, who banded together to deal with Byrnndi World and his crew, the World Pirates. During World's later years, in his pursuit for freedom, World became overly aggressive, attacking not only the citizens and the Marines, but fellow pirates as well. As such, the World Government proposed an alliance between the Marines and the pirate crews hostile to World. In the end, World was betrayed by his own crew during the battle between the World Pirates and the alliance, who had been convinced by Cipher Pol agents to defect. After World was captured and his closest companions fled, the alliance could be assumed to have been disbanded. Silver Pirate Alliance Further