facilitated by Mira Mira no Mi user Charlotte Brûlée, whom the Sanji Retrieval Team had captured earlier for their own plans. The alliance succeeded at breaking into the wedding venue, destroying the portrait, and freeing the Vinsmokes, but Bege's plot ultimately failed when Big Mom's scream blew up the KX Launcher shots in midair and shattered their escape mirror. The Vinsmokes joined the alliance and helped them to briefly stave off attacks from the Big Mom Pirates, but ultimately the alliance was defeated and trapped. However, they were able to escape through a stroke of fortune as the Tamatebako, which had been given to Big Mom from Fish-Man Island as a gift, fell to the base of the Whole Cake Chateau and exploded, causing the Big Mom Pirates to fall to the ground below. Sanji and Caesar flew the Sanji Retrieval Team and Fire Tank Pirates to safety, where the three parties dissolved their alliance and went their separate ways. Not long afterwards, however, Bege's wife Charlotte Chiffon decided to aid Sanji and her sister Charlotte Pudding in baking a cake for Big Mom in order to stop her from going after the Straw Hats, as she wished to repay a debt she owed to them for saving her twin sister Lola's life two years ago. Hours later, the Fire Tank Pirates reunited with Chiffon and took her team and the cake to Big Mom. On the way, Bege got into an argument with Sanji over whether or not to poison the cake; Sanji won out and the cake was not poisoned. The Fire Tank Pirates made their way to the Straw Hats as they were being pursued by Big Mom, and led Big Mom away from them with the cake as Sanji returned to his crew. The Fire Tank Pirates eventually dropped off the cake at Funwari Island, far enough away to give the Straw Hats time to escape Totto Land, before they escaped from Totto Land as well. Beasts and Big Mom Pirate Alliance Kaidou and Big Mom form an alliance. Two of the Four Emperors, Kaidou of the Beasts Pirates and Charlotte Linlin of the Big Mom Pirates, formed an alliance between their crews after their duel on Onigashima. The two captains agreed that they would return to being enemies and resume trying to killing each other after they conquer the world. This alliance was proposed by Big Mom. For the New Onigashima Project, Kaidou and Big Mom revealed their plan to seek out the Ancient Weapons and the One Piece. Kaidou also betrayed his previous ally, the Kurozumi Family, by beheading Orochi while annexing their territory for his project. Kaidou also offered Orochi's subordinates to join his crew or die. During the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance's Raid on Onigashima, both Kaidou and Big Mom were defeated by three captains from the Worst Generation—Luffy, Law, and Kid. Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance Further information: Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance The Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance is formed. On Punk Hazard, the Heart Pirates and Straw Hat Pirates, two