the SMILE Factory and destroy it, thus halting the production of SMILE's, and provoke Kaidou into attacking Doflamingo, with the confrontation hopefully weakening the Emperor. Law then negotiated with Doflamingo while sailing to Dressrosa, which the Heavenly Demon seemingly complied to, publicly announcing his abdication. Dressrosa Arc After landing on Dressrosa, the alliance started to carry out the plan, with Kin'emon going out to search for his friend Kanjuro. However, things quickly go awry, with the Straw Hats being split up by various circumstances and Doflamingo's scheming. The alliance soon learnt that Doflamingo used his influence as a former World Noble to manipulate the news, and fake his abdication. In order to prevent things from going his way, Law left Caesar with Nami, Sanji, Chopper, Brook and Momonosuke, and had them sail to their next location, Zou. However, the Surgeon of Death was then abducted by Doflamingo, who had assistance from Marine Admiral Fujitora. In order to stop the Donquixote Pirates, the Straw Hats ended up working with the Tontatta Tribe to carry out Operation SOP, which ended up getting them more allies in the form of the Riku Family, the Revolutionary Army, as well as several pirates and warriors the Donquixote Family enslaved as toys with the Hobi Hobi no Mi. The Straw Hats managed to free Law, and with Doflamingo using his Ito Ito no Mi ability to trap everyone on the island in Dressrosa with the intent to kill them, the alliance switched their objective to personally defeat the evil king. The final result was that the SMILE factory was destroyed, the Donquixote Family were defeated and arrested, and the alliance managing to escape Dressrosa thanks to the newly formed Straw Hat Grand Fleet formed under Luffy (against his will). The alliance then set sail to Zou, on the Barto Club's ship. Whole Cake Island Saga Zou Arc The pirates expand their alliance to the Mink Tribe and samurai. After the Straw Hat Pirates and their traveling companions reached Zou, it was revealed to them that the minks were allied with the Kouzuki Family and that they risked their lives to protect Raizo. The Mink Tribe willingly revealed this to the pirates thanks to the trust gained from the samurai during their travels, as well as due to the Heart Pirates assistance during the battle against Jack, in addition to the crew on the Thousand Sunny saving the country from the poison gas. The Straw Hats and Law were taken to see Raizo, and the samurai told the Straw Hats about Oden's death and Kaidou's occupation of Wano Country. After being encouraged by Luffy, Momonosuke begged the pirates to help them in the fight against Kaidou, which Luffy agreed to, officially forming the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance. Law felt somewhat neglected at first as Luffy did not even ask for his opinion on the addition of two new branches into the alliance. The alliance made plans as to their next course of action: Luffy planned to go to Whole