The Buggy and Alvida Alliance is an alliance formed by the pirate bands known as the Buggy Pirates and the Alvida Pirates (although only its captain remained from them) and led by the captains Buggy and Alvida. Although both crews were the first opponents to be defeated by the Straw Hat Pirates, the alliance has remained relevant in the story so far. Its last known goal is finding Captain John's legendary treasure. The alliance eventually evolved into the Pirate Dispatch Organization, Buggy's Delivery, after Buggy gained new fame and followers as a Warlord. After Buggy lost his Warlord status, the alliance became integrated into the Cross Guild, which Buggy was deemed the leader of and labeled a member of the Four Emperors as a result. Contents 1 Members 2 Alliance Strength 3 History 3.1 East Blue Saga 3.1.1 Buggy's Crew Adventure Chronicles 3.1.2 Loguetown Arc 3.2 Sky Island Saga 3.2.1 Jaya Arc 3.3 Summit War Saga 3.4 During the Timeskip 3.5 Whole Cake Island Saga 3.5.1 Zou Arc 4 References 5 Site Navigation Members Alliance Strength Until they recruited many Impel Down prisoners and evolved into Buggy's Delivery, the alliance was not anything more than just Alvida joining forces with the Buggy Pirates. The two East Blue pirate captains, who both possess Devil Fruit powers, were able to defeat the Kumate Tribe as well as briefly terrorize Loguetown and overwhelm the police officers there, but were quickly subdued by Marine Captain Smoker. They have since sailed on the Grand Line the last two years. History East Blue Saga Buggy's Crew Adventure Chronicles After Buggy was sent blasting off by Luffy, he was eventually found by Alvida. Since both of them held a grudge against Luffy, they decided to join forces to take him down. Loguetown Arc They tracked him to Loguetown and nearly succeeded in beheading him, but Luffy miraculously escaped and the Alliance was taken down by Smoker and the Marines. They managed to escape and followed Luffy to the Grand Line. Sky Island Saga Jaya Arc The Buggy and Alvida Alliance was later seen searching for the treasure of Captain John, with little luck. Afterwards, they met up with Ace and threw a party with him. Summit War Saga After Buggy was captured and imprisoned in Impel Down, his crew sailed after him, but accepted that the mission was impossible and left him behind. Buggy, however, managed to break out with a crew of Impel Down inmates and reunited with his crew after the Summit War of Marineford. During the Timeskip Sometime after Buggy became a Warlord of the Sea, the Buggy and Alvida Alliance evolved into the "Pirate Dispatch Organization" or "Buggy's Delivery", in which Buggy became the leader. Because of this new status, Buggy's crew had their crimes pardoned and became an organization of mercenaries and set up base on the Karai Bari Island. Whole Cake Island Saga Zou Arc After Luffy defeated Donquixote Doflamingo, the New Giant Warrior Pirates—the top warriors of Buggy's Delivery—left the crew to join the Straw Hat Grand Fleet.