Main Staff and Credits "Anime" redirects here. For other One Piece anime projects, see Category:Anime. For other uses of this name, see One Piece (Disambiguation). One Piece (ワンピース, Wan Pīsu?) is an animated series based on the manga of the same name, produced by Toei Animation and broadcasted by Fuji Television. Premiering in October 1999, it has currently aired over 1000 episodes, along with 15 theatrical films and many more TV specials and OVAs, and has been exported to more than thirty nations worldwide. In October 2024, it was announced that the anime would transition to a new timeslot in April 2025, and as part of this, it would undergo a "charging period" of five months, during which no new episodes would be aired. Instead, the timeslot would air episodes of Special Edited Version - One Piece: Fish-Man Island Saga. One Piece is divided into two halves: Sea of Survival: Super Rookies Saga (サバイバルの海 超新星編, Sabaibaru no Umi: Chōshinsei-hen?), and The Final Sea: The New World Saga (最後の海 新世界編, Saigo no Umi: Shinsekai-hen?). One Piece is one of the most popular series in the world, and currently, its anime can be watched on a plethora of streaming sites, including Crunchyroll, Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, Vudu, Pluto, Apple TV, and Sling TV. Contents 1 Synopsis 1.1 Relationship to the Manga 1.1.1 Original Content 2 Distribution 2.1 English Translations 2.1.1 4Kids 2.1.2 Funimation 2.1.3 Fansubs 3 Trivia 4 See also 5 References 6 External links 7 Site Navigation Synopsis Further information: Episode Guide and Story Arcs Gol D. Roger was known as the Pirate King, the strongest and most infamous pirate to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the location of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece (which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame), and quite possibly the most coveted of titles for the person who found it, the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who questions one's standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate who ransacks villages for funLuffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder; the thought of an exciting adventure and meeting new and intriguing people, along with finding One Piece, are his reasons for becoming a pirate. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Shanks, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries, and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach One Piece! Relationship to the Manga The One Piece anime is—particularly compared to other long-running anime—extensively faithful to its source material, adapting nearly all of the manga's story content with a minimum of deliberate contradiction. Though it has altered and rearranged (and on rarer occasions,