removed) a number of the manga's elements, it typically does so for time or content-rating purposes; when such changes contradict material later established by the manga, they are by default ignored, with the manga taking precedence. Due to the long run of the series, there have been recap episodes often told in flashbacks and later with new animation. (An in-depth listing of the anime's changes may be found on the articles for each individual story arc and—to a lesser extent—the articles for each individual episode.) Original Content In perhaps its largest deviation from the manga, Toei has produced a considerable amount of original story material—popularly called filler by fans—using the manga's basic setting and characters. These may comprise a single episode or multi-episode arcs; most are written to reconcile with the manga-based continuity, but have no tangible impact on it (and in fact are seldom referenced even by other anime-original material). A complete listing of these arcs and episodes may be found here. Apart from the standard television anime, Toei has also produced many standalone One Piece works, which fall outside the episode numbering and broadcast schedule. These include: Fifteen theatrical films, traditionally released during Golden Week but given more sporadic releases (as well as more direct contribution from Eiichiro Oda) from the tenth onward. Three featurettes, bundled respectively with the second, third, and fifth films. Thirteen television specials, which fall among two subcategories: Four hour-long specials, all original stories, aired in standard episode timeslots (that coincide with seasonal school breaks). Nine two-hour specials, a combination of original stories and re-adaptations of manga stories, aired on days preceding standard episodes (also usually coinciding with school breaks). Various original video animations (OVAs), usually meant to serve as tie-ins for individual films. Various exhibition shorts, shown exclusively at special events and attractions. Various recap features, which feature some degree of original content but mostly reuse footage from the television anime. As a general rule, these standalone works make only loose attempts to fit into any wider continuity, and are always given separate home releases from the "regular" anime (filler or otherwise). Distribution In Japan, One Piece has aired since inception on Fuji Television, one of the nation's oldest and most prominent private networks. Its timeslot has been changed three times throughout its run. English Translations The anime was first picked up for an official English dub by Odex in 2003, which they retained until 2004. It was then licensed for English dub by 4Kids Entertainment in the same year, and the rights were eventually transferred to Funimation Entertainment (now Crunchyroll) after 4Kids dropped their license. Currently, Crunchyroll airs both subbed and dubbed episodes. Various groups have also pirated the anime and given their own English subs to it for as long as the anime has been running. 4Kids 4Kids Entertainment acquired the rights to broadcast the series in North America on June 8, 2004, airing in the Toonami block of Cartoon Network. 4Kids heavily edited the series to make it more appropriate