Aramaki, better known by his alias Ryokugyu, is an Admiral in the Marines. A former policeman from the Taya Kingdom, he was part of the World Military Draft that filled the two Admiral vacancies (along with Fujitora), caused by Kuzan's resignation and Sakazuki's promotion. Ryokugyu was first mentioned by Donquixote Doflamingo in the Dressrosa Arc and debuted in the Levely Arc. His full appearance and real name were revealed near the end of the Wano Country Arc, in which he serves as a supporting antagonist. Contents 1 Appearance 1.1 Gallery 2 Personality 3 Relationships 3.1 Marines 3.1.1 Sakazuki 3.1.2 Issho 3.2 Enemies 3.2.1 Straw Hat Pirates 3.2.2 Beasts Pirates 3.2.3 Revolutionary Army 3.2.4 Shanks 3.2.5 Edward Weevil 3.3 Other 3.3.1 World Nobles 4 Abilities and Powers 4.1 Physical Abilities 4.2 Devil Fruit 4.3 Haki 4.3.1 Armament Haki 4.3.2 Observation Haki 4.4 Weapons 5 History 5.1 Past 5.2 Whole Cake Island Saga 5.2.1 Levely Arc 5.3 Wano Country Saga 5.3.1 Wano Country Arc 6 Major Battles 7 Translation and Dub Issues 8 Merchandise 8.1 Video Games 8.1.1 Playable Appearances 9 Trivia 10 References 11 Site Navigation Quick Answers What is the significance of Aramaki's alias, Ryokugyu, in One Piece? In One Piece, Aramaki's alias is Ryokugyu, which means 'Green Bull'. This alias is part of the animal motifs in the series. Aramaki, a new admiral in the Marines, debuted in Chapter 905 and Episode 882. His bounty stands at 3,000,000,000. The character's voice actors are Keiji Fujiwara (Episode 882) and Junichi Suwabe (Episode 1079 onwards). Provided by: Fandom What is the speculated power of Ryokugyu's Devil Fruit in One Piece? The speculated power of Ryokugyu's Devil Fruit in One Piece is similar to the Rankyaku technique, launching slicing 'sickle winds' with a swiping motion. Devil Fruits grant supernatural abilities by altering the user's Lineage Factor. They empower many formidable figures in the One Piece world, including Marine admirals like the green-haired Ryokugyu, the new admiral. Provided by: Fandom What role does Aramaki play in the Wano Country Arc of One Piece? Aramaki participates in a combat scenario during the Wano Country Arc in One Piece. This altercation is halted by the character Shanks. Wano Country is a region where the warriors are commonly known as Samurai, and the social structure of this area is also highlighted. Provided by: Fandom Appearance Ryokugyu is a muscular man with thick and wild, dark green-colored hair that reaches to his neck. He appears to be quite tall, as he looked comparable to fellow admiral Fujitora who stands at 2.7 meters. On his face, he has a somewhat pronounced nose and lips as well as a light goatee and sideburns; he has been shown smoking a cigarette. Ryokugyu eschews wearing a shirt, going bare-chested and exposing the large green kanji tattoo "死川心中" (meaning "double suicide at death river"?) that runs down the left front of his torso. He wears a pair of black pants with small flower shapes (of alternatingly light and darker green shades) on