allows him to create, control, and transform his body into plant life. The plants he creates can be grown rapidly and moved around freely, seemingly not being limited by any rigidity that some plants, such as trees, normally possess. Notably, as plants are a solid element, he cannot turn intangible, though non-Haki attacks are still harmless to him, and he will regenerate from any damage. Interestingly, he regenerates by sprouting out of the ground and growing back into his normal self. Ryokugyu uses his Devil Fruit powers to create a forest. Ryokugyu can generate large quantities of plants to unleash overwhelming large-scale attacks; when attacking the Beasts Pirates, he turned his fingers into sharpened tree branches and freely grew them to impale dozens of enemies over a large area with ease. Additionally, his plants can rapidly absorb any liquid they touch, which includes dehydrating living creatures after impaling them, leaving them as shriveled husks. He appears to be able to taste the liquid he absorbs, as shown when he impaled a barrel of alcohol with a branch and remarked on its flavor. Ryokugyu can also perform highly unorthodox feats with the plants he generates, such as growing a giant flower on his back and using it to fly by spinning it rapidly like a propeller. It has also been shown that ordinary grass, trees and flowers grow in Ryokugyu's wake, on any surface he touches, resulting in him leaving behind a trail of plants wherever he walks. This was shown when Udon, which is known to be a barren and desolate area was shown with greenery for the first time in many years. It is currently unknown if this effect on his surroundings is passively active or something he does on purpose. Haki Main article: Haki As a Marine Admiral, Ryokugyu is a highly skilled Haki user. Armament Haki Ryokugyu is a highly skilled user of Armament Haki. He is able to harden the tips of the branches he creates with his Devil Fruit powers. Observation Haki Ryokugyu is a highly skilled user of Observation Haki. He was able to sense the Red Hair Pirates miles outside of Wano Country after Shanks used his Supreme King Haki. Weapons Ryokugyu carries around a straight-edged katana, lacking a tsuba and saya, on his hip, with a red hilt and a golden pommel. History Past Born in the Taya Kingdom of the South Blue 41 years ago, Aramaki grew up to become a police officer. After he caused a great incident involving a woman, he was thrown into prison. Sometime during the two years after the Summit War, Aramaki's reputation and extraordinary strength reached the World Government, who freed him from his imprisonment and have him take part in the World Military Draft to join the Marines. He was appointed to the rank of Admiral alongside Fujitora, to make up for the two vacancies among the three admiral spots left by Kuzan's resignation and Sakazuki's promotion. Whole Cake Island Saga Levely Arc Ryokugyu