talks with Fujitora. Ryokugyu was present on the grounds of Mary Geoise's Pangaea Castle as royals from throughout the world arrived to attend the latest Levely. Despite having received orders from Sakazuki to make Fujitora leave, Ryokugyu instead had a friendly conversation with Fujitora concerning Vegapunk and the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Wano Country Saga Wano Country Arc Ryokugyu fights Morley. On the fourth day of the Levely, Ryokugyu battled against Morley who had infiltrated Mary Geoise. The admirals ultimately failed, as the Revolutionaries succeeded in rescuing the enslaved Bartholomew Kuma and escaping the holy land. Furthermore, Ryokugyu turned against fellow Admiral Fujitora when the latter helped the Revolutionary Army free slaves from the holy land. A week after the Raid on Onigashima and the downfalls of Kaidou and Big Mom, Ryokugyu flew to Wano Country, and Sakazuki, upon interrogating him and learning of his location via Den Den Mushi, warned him via Den Den Mushi not to make the situation worse. Ryokugyu headed to the Prisoner Mine in Udon, where he attacked the Beasts Pirates who were being held there, including All-Stars King and Queen. He dealt with all the guards, including Babanuki, who managed them. Ryokugyu dispatched these opponents with ease, leaving them impaled on tree branches. He then started walking toward the Flower Capital to kill Luffy, which he wished to do in order to gain Sakazuki's approval. Ryokugyu is confronted by the samurai. Denjiro, Raizo, Kawamatsu, Inuarashi, Nekomamushi, and Shinobu went to intercept Ryokugyu, and the Admiral showcased his forest body transformation as he unleashed a large-scale attack on them. Ryokugyu was knocked to the ground and injured by Yamato's Supreme King Haki attack. Kouzuki Momonosuke then arrived in his dragon transformation, piquing Ryokugyu's interest; however, Momonosuke was unable to breathe fire and Ryokugyu quickly immobilized him with tree branches, demanding that he stay out of his way. Using his vines, Ryokugyu quickly overpowered the Red Scabbards who attacked him, dehydrating Raizo in the process. He ordered those present to bring Luffy to him and started mocking Momonosuke after he had refused. Ryokugyu intimidated by Shanks' Haki. Ryokugyu stated while he was sure living under Kaidou's regime was miserable his presence kept other powerful individuals like himself from attacking the country. Momonosuke eventually succeeded in breathing fire at Ryokugyu, destroying his enlarged plant-based body. Ryokugyu regrew his body from a sapling, announcing it was time he got serious. Though before he could do anything, he got paralyzed by the sudden Haki blasts from Shanks on a ship miles away. Shanks telepathically spoke to Ryokugyu through his Haki and warned him to leave this new era of pirates alone. Ryokugyu, not wanting to fight Shanks and his crew, begrudgingly adhered to the warning and retreated. Afterwards, Ryokugyu went to Sphinx to help defeat and arrest Edward Weevil after Ratel's squad had called for backup. Translation and Dub Issues The Japanese kanji "牛" in Ryokugyu's alias has various bovine-related translations, e.g., "bull", "cow", "cattle", "ox"; given the basis for said alias (see the Trivia section below), "bull" is the most apt translation. Trivia A fan's rendering of Ryokugyu. Aramaki's name and appearance are based on the late Japanese actor Yoshio Harada and his role as Aramaki in the film Ronin-gai, which also starred Kunie Tanaka and Shintaro Katsu whom fellow admirals Borsalino and Issho were respectively based on. Aramaki's tattoos may be a reference to Harada's song "Shinjuku Shinju". In the SBS Volume 73, a fan provided a joke rendering of Aramaki's appearance. Eiichiro Oda found it quite bizarre and noted he had already designed the admiral, mentioning he was "super-duper cool" and that he could not wait to draw him. Aramaki's and Issho's animal motifs that are contained in their aliases (bull and tiger respectively) can be interpreted as being based off the Japanese legend of Momotarō, similar to the animal aliases of the original admiral trio. The tiger and bull (ushitora ("ox-tiger") as per the cosmology of onmyōdō) can be seen as representing the northeastern cardinal direction, which is where, in the aforesaid tale, the oni ("ogres") that Momotarō must kill live. Aramaki's favorite food is aged alcohol.