spared them from his banditry. However, Kin'emon made it clear that he would make Ashura their ally and had no qualms framing him for theft. This only made Ashura angrier after he found out about it, but he was still lenient enough to listen to Kin'emon's apology and pleas. Ashura then showed Kin'emon and Inuarashi the graves of fallen comrades and explained what happened to their allies after they had lost patience in waiting for their return. Ashura finally rejoined the Scabbards and invited his bandit group to take part in the fight against Kaidou and the Beasts Pirates. Mt. Atama Thieves All the members of the Mt. Atama Thieves were extremely loyal and supportive of Shutenmaru, aiding him in stealing and robbing. When Shutenmaru decided to join the Kouzuki Family's revolution, all his underlings happily agreed to join him. Enemies Beasts Pirates Ten years ago, Ashura tried gathering forces to support the Kouzuki Family in the fight against Kaidou. However, after his comrades threw their lives away, Ashura lost hope and seemingly gave up. Kaidou recognized his strength and wanted him to join his crew, but Ashura had no intention of joining and pledging loyalty to the Beasts Pirates. However, he is well aware of Kaidou's strength and would try to avoid him whenever possible. Despite him being intimidated by Kaidou, he is not afraid to pick fights with the Emperor's subordinates. When Ashura encountered Jack in Okobore Town, the former did not hesitate to attack the latter and did not even fear his reputation. Kaidou was initially unaware of Ashura's connection with the Kouzuki Family until he saw him in person, as he only knew him as a thief called Shutenmaru. Kurozumi Kanjuro Ashura was previously on good terms with Kanjuro, as they both served as faithful vassals of Oden. However, Kanjuro later revealed that he was of the Kurozumi Family, that he was a spy sent by Orochi all along, and that he was the one who revealed the alliance's plans to Orochi greatly shocking Ashura alongside the other Scabbards present. Ashura was angry when Kanjuro captured Momonosuke after Kin'emon failed to kill him. Ultimately, Ashura died to protect his fellow Scabbards from one of Kanjuro's traps when he took the full brunt of the explosion personally. Abilities and Powers Overview As the leader of the Mt. Atama Thieves, Ashura Doji had complete authority over the group. He had excellent leadership skills, as he successfully led his bandits on missions to raid Orochi's Paradise Farm multiple times, though his group eventually came under suspicion. 25 years ago, while Oden was away with the Whitebeard Pirates, Ashura assumed control of the yakuza in Kuri as the new yakuza boss, and kept both the yakuza and bandits in the region from going out of control. Combat-wise, Ashura was a mighty samurai, once feared as the "Strongest Monster of Kuri" (九里最強の怪物, Kuri Saikyō no Kaibutsu?)—the most dangerous villain frequenting said region during its era of chaos—until he was defeated by