go there no matter what and simply ordered him to not do anything unnecessary. Issho Ryokugyu enraged with Fujitora. Fujitora and Ryokugyu appear to be on good terms, despite Fujitora's immense respect for human rights, as Ryokugyu disregarded Sakazuki's orders to drive Fujitora out of Mary Geoise in favor of having a friendly chat with his fellow Admiral. However, despite being on good terms with each other, they do not shy away from confronting each other should they see the need for it, as Ryokugyu started a fight with Fujitora when the latter helped the slaves, who were freed by the Revolutionary Army, escape from Mary Geoise, being very displeased with Fujitora's lack of duty. This was once again seen previously when Fujitora casually wanted to have a meteor drop on Mary Geoise to fight the Revolutionary Commanders, in total disregard of the World Nobles' safety, causing Ryokugyu to snap at him for being so reckless. When Fujitora permitted to let the Celestial Dragons' slaves and the Revolutionary Army escape, Ryokugyu became enraged and started fighting with his fellow Admiral. Enemies Straw Hat Pirates Ryokugyu dislikes the Straw Hat Pirates, namely Monkey D. Luffy, for their involvement in the downfalls of Kaidou and Big Mom and throwing the world into chaos as a result. He decided to go on a rogue mission to Wano in order to kill Luffy as he believes he would gain approval from Sakazuki for doing this but failed due to the presence of Shanks paralyzing him. Beasts Pirates As part of his unauthorized mission to Wano, Ryokugyu sought out many of the imprisoned Beasts Pirates and brutally attacked them, including the All-Stars King and Queen, saying he would lose face if he let them get the better of him. Despite Kaidou being his enemy, Ryokugyu begrudgingly admits that Kaidou's mere presence alone was enough to keep him out of Wano. Revolutionary Army Given his standing, Ryokugyu is an enemy of the Revolutionary Army. As such, he and Fujitora engaged their chief of staff Sabo and his subordinates when they tried to rescue their former comrade Bartholomew Kuma. Aramaki demanded Morley to tell him and Fujitora where Dragon is, only for the commander to reject the Admiral's demand. Shanks For trying to arrest Luffy, Shanks used his Supreme King Haki to paralyze Ryokugyu and told the Admiral to get lost. Ryokugyu begrudgingly complied and left, since he had not come to fight Shanks and the Red Hair Pirates, at least not yet. Edward Weevil After the Seven Warlords' dissolution, Ryokugyu was sent to Sphinx to capture Weevil. He managed to defeat Weevil and arrested him. Other World Nobles At first, he appeared to be fanatically loyal to the World Nobles, stating that they are actual gods. However, it is then revealed that he can be annoyed by them at times, such as when they refused to leave during his fight with the Revolutionary Army commanders, thus making it impossible to fight them at full strength. Abilities