also known for his unmatched love for sake, which is reflected in the name 'Shutenmaru', meaning 'sake-drinking boy'. Ashura Doji, like his namesake, is a formidable character, serving as a bandit and a retainer of the Kozuki Family. Provided by: Fandom Appearance Ashura Doji was a very large man with light pink puffy hair that was gathered into a topknot. He wore an open kimono with flowers on it that left his chest exposed. He had floral tattoos on his arms and upper chest. Gallery Ashura in the Digitally Colored Manga. Ashura's anime concept art. Ashura at age 17. Ashura at age 23. Ashura at age 36. Ashura at age 46. Ashura Doji in One Piece Bounty Rush. Personality Ashura studying to improve himself despite great difficulties. Ashura was once an extremely violent and dangerous outlaw. He claimed that he hated people with a higher status than him. After being defeated by Kouzuki Oden, who chose to spare his life and offered him a chance to live a peaceful life by rebuilding Kuri, Ashura became one of his most loyal followers out of immense gratitude. He and the other Nine Red Scabbards attempted to steal money from Shimotsuki Yasuie to support Oden. Ashura was even willing to study hard to improve himself on Oden's behalf. Ashura was an extremely loyal person, as he referred to Oden as "Oden-sama" even after his death. His dedication was also seen when he patiently tried to assemble an army of samurai to support the Kouzuki Family and continued to believe in Toki's prophecy ten years after her death. He was also courageous and almost fearless. When he encountered Jack in Okobore Town, the then ruler of Kuri and one of the Beasts Pirates' All-Stars, the former was not afraid to attack the latter immediately and did not even fear Jack's reputation. However, he was cautious of Kaidou's strength, but he would have fought back against him if only to create an opening for his escape. Ashura was also a very caring person. When the samurai he had gathered tried to attack Kaidou at Onigashima, he cried and tried to stop them, but his words were in vain because they did not listen. After losing the last of his comrades, Ashura finally lost hope and returned to being a criminal under the alias Shutenmaru and formed a group of thieves because he was disillusioned and nihilistic towards the state of the country. After returning to being a criminal, he became an aggressive and prideful person. He stole from both Wano's wealthiest and poorest citizens for the same self-sufficiency motives. He also did not care what would happen to his country due to the lack of strong and noble people like Oden. As such, Ashura was disgusted with Luffy's heroism in feeding the citizens of Okobore Town. He also initially refused to rejoin the Kouzuki Family after they returned for their campaign to overthrow Kaidou and Orochi, accusing them of abandoning Wano Country. Ironically, his cynicism