the left leg, whereas the right leg has a few small tears. He also wears a pair of differently colored shoes, the left one being light-green and the right one black. Additionally, he wears a pair of black sunglasses over his eyes and the standard Marine officer's coat cape draped on his shoulders, which covers his otherwise bare back and bears the usual pure-gold epaulettes seen with other Admirals, plus green turn-up sleeve cuffs to again match his color motif. The entire inside of his coat is in fact not white (uniquely among any admiral seen so far) but green. Gallery Aramaki as a child. Aramaki's eyes. Aramaki's silhouette prior to his reveal. Aramaki's concept art from the anime. Aramaki's color scheme in the Digitally Colored Manga. Personality Ryokugyu is shown to act in a casual and uncouth manner, being unafraid of expressing his mind. With friends and allies, he has been shown to act quite jovial and conversational, as seen by his talk with fellow Admiral Fujitora. With enemies, however, Ryokugyu has expressed open contempt much like his direct superior Sakazuki, whom he wishes to emulate out of admiration. Ryokugyu agrees with Sakazuki's principle of never holding back when battling enemies and is very much a follower of Absolute Justice. His Justice motto, accordingly, is called "Determined Justice" (死ぬ気の正義, Shinuki no Seigi?, VIZ: "Justice if it kills me"). Ryokugyu has shown to be far more fanatical in his devotion to the World Government compared to the other admirals and even Sakazuki, believing that the World Nobles truly are gods. His worldview is that society functions best with a strict hierarchy system where those in power can act however they please against those deemed inferior. Thus, he believes he can do whatever he wants against countries unaffiliated with the World Government, up to and including genocide to fulfill its purpose. He has been seen expressing anger at people who unleash chaos in the world and make life difficult for the Marines, which has led to him developing a grudge against Monkey D. Luffy. Despite his loyalty, however, Ryokugyu is also extremely self-willed and will disregard or outright defy orders from his superiors in favor of doing what he feels is best. Although he admires Sakazuki, he did not follow the Fleet Admiral's order to remove Fujitora from Mary Geoise, seeing no point in the two of them doing battle. Later, despite Sakazuki telling the Marines to avoid Wano following Kaidou and Big Mom's downfall, Ryokugyu went to the country anyway to take down Luffy because he believed he could accomplish this and that he would gain Sakazuki's approval by killing the pirate. Ryokugyu even personally called in a battleship to aid him in his unapproved attack on Wano, an action which no other Admiral has been shown doing for a personal mission. If he is doing something he should not be and is questioned about it, he has been shown to give vague answers to avoid being reprimanded, and when