was what prevent him from falling into Kanjuro’s scheme into believing the fake Oden even though he wished it was him. Despite his callous behavior and nihilism towards the citizens of Wano, Ashura still had some compassion, as he secretly felt sympathy towards the citizens of Ebisu Town, who had lost the ability to express sadness and anger from eating the SMILEs that Orochi manipulated them into eating. He was also distraught when Yasuie was executed, showing that he still cared greatly for those that were his comrades. After deciding to rejoin the Nine Red Scabbards, Ashura became friendly with his comrades again, though he still bickered with them from time to time. He ultimately chose to sacrifice himself to prevent Kanjuro's explosives from killing the other Scabbards. Ashura was one of the few samurai known to still use Sunacchi, which was once part of the old dialect of Kuri in Wano Country. Ashura and his men used it frequently amongst themselves and in battle. Ashura seemed to enjoy drinking alcohol. In the past, he also drank blood from a decapitated snake. Relationships Allies Kouzuki Family and Nine Red Scabbards Ashura, alongside the other Red Scabbards (with Izou taking Kanjuro's place), charges into battle. In the past, when Kuri was a lawless region, Ashura Doji was confronted by Kouzuki Oden, the son of Shogun Kouzuki Sukiyaki. After an entire night of intense battle, he was finally defeated. Despite wishing to die by Oden's hands as part of his own choice to live and die in violence, Oden chose to spare Ashura and reformed him by enlisting his help in bringing order to Kuri. Thus, Ashura is extremely grateful to Oden for showing him a possible future to live in peace, though he was irritated when Oden kicked him in the face when he expressed his gratitude. He and the other retainers attempted to steal money from the daimyo Shimotsuki Yasuie to support Oden. Even after his death, Ashura still refers to him as "Oden-sama", showing undying respect and loyalty to the daimyo of Kuri. Ashura and the other retainers also seemed to get along well.However, after the fall of the Kouzuki Family, Ashura tried to support his allies by gathering samurai, even though it ended up in vain due to them growing impatient and attacking Onigashima, which led to their deaths. This led him to sever his ties with the Kouzuki Family. Later, after the missing Nine Red Scabbards returned, their relationship became strained. Ashura became angered and frustrated at Kin'emon and the others for having vanished for so long. Ashura said that he only respects and is loyal to someone named Oden, not to his family. In truth, he was angered because some of his comrades died in vain ten years ago. His resentment toward the family was so much that he even referred to Momonosuke, who is Oden's son, without any honorifics, resulting in Kikunojo expressing her disappointment. The closest to any camaraderie Ashura expressed was that he