and Powers As an Admiral, Ryokugyu's authority in the Marines is directly below the Fleet Admiral's, commanding authority over all lower-ranked personnel. He can command whole fleets, has a say in the overall strategy of the organization, and possesses the ability to issue special orders, like enacting a Buster Call at any time, while also granting those of lower status such an ability. In general, Ryokugyu can be assumed to hold a great deal of military leadership/coordination skills to be seen as qualified for his rank and the responsibilities that come with it. In fact, before becoming a Marine, Aramaki was already reputable for his strength and effectiveness as a police officer, meaning he had prior training and experience in law enforcement before the World Military Draft. In battle, Ryokugyu, along with the other admirals, are thought to constitute the World Government's "Greatest Military Power" (i.e., the strongest individual fighters that the government can bring into action), making Ryokugyu one of the world's most powerful combatants. Both he and Fujitora were stated by Doflamingo to be known as powerful monsters among the Marines. Ryokugyu effortlessly defeated King and Queen, two All-Stars of the Beasts Pirates, each with bounties of over 1,000,000,000, along with several of their subordinates; though they had not yet fully recovered from the injuries they sustained during the Udon prison breakout and the Raid on Onigashima. Ryokugyu was able to single-handedly contend with a group consisting of Raizo, Shinobu, Inuarashi, Denjiro, Nekomamushi, Kawamatsu, and Kouzuki Momonosuke, and held the advantage over them until Momonosuke gained better control of his Devil Fruit powers. When he allowed Yamato to hit him, he was in pain and evaluated that Yamato's Haki was strong, but Yamato stopped fighting due to Momonosuke's dissuasion. Another testament of Ryokugyu's power is that he defeated and arrested Edward Weevil, a powerful former Warlord, with ease. Ryokugyu possesses a strong will, being able to remain conscious after taking a powerful burst of Shanks' Supreme King Haki from outside of Wano, though he was still left greatly unnerved. Physical Abilities Ryokugyu has so far displayed the immense physical prowess befitting of a marine admiral. An incredibly durable and resilient man, he was ultimately unfazed and unmarked by the impact of an unguarded advanced Supreme Haki attack from Yamato directly to his head, despite being impressed with Yamato's level of Haki and confessing that the attack did hurt. Despite having not eaten in three years, Ryokugyu has remained completely healthy and not lacking in energy. However, it should be noted that he has been shown using his Devil Fruit abilities to absorb liquid into his body, with water being a key source of nutrients for plants; as well as performing photosynthesis. This enables him to fast as long as he has sunlight and water around, giving him huge advantage in terms of survival. Devil Fruit Further information: Mori Mori no Mi Ryokugyu regenerates from a sapling. Ryokugyu ate the Mori Mori no Mi, a Logia-type Devil Fruit that