talking to subordinates he will order them to not inform his superiors about what he is doing. Additionally, despite his devotion to the World Nobles, Ryokugyu did get annoyed when one of them threatened him with the death penalty if his fighting caused collateral harm to any of them, though he kept his frustration to himself. Ryokugyu viciously attacking anyone who stands in his way. In combat, he is ruthless with great confidence in his own abilities, taking pride in his title of admiral and his Devil Fruit, to the point of despising those he easily defeats and believing himself to be invincible for being "nature itself". He also has no qualms with attacking people even when they are injured from previous battles. This is shown when he impaled many of the Beasts Pirates in a gruesome manner during his attack on them and kicked Queen several times after impaling him while mocking him and King in the process, referring to them as "simple" emperor commanders as they tried to resist, and adding that he would lose face if he was defeated, even though they were still recovering from the Raid of Onigashima. During his battle against the Red Scabbards, he pretended to feel pain from Raizo's attack only to taunt him and dehydrate him. This led to Momonosuke destroying his body shortly after, though he continued to taunt him. Ryokugyu does at least acknowledge the strength of his enemies (albeit in a begrudging fashion), stating that Kaidou's mere presence alone was enough to keep him and other enemies from attacking Wano, as well as stopping his assault on Momonosuke's group and leaving Wano after Shanks had intimidate him with a burst of Supreme King Haki from outside of Wano. Ryokugyu has abstained from eating for the last three years because he considers eating food to be too much of a hassle. He also enjoys being around beautiful women and remarked to Fujitora that he would consider breaking his fast if an attractive woman were to feed him. He is able to sustain himself with his Devil Fruit ability. Like many other characters, Ryokugyu laughs in a unique fashion: "Rahaha" (らはは, Rahaha?). Relationships Marines Sakazuki Ryokugyu greatly admires his direct superior, Fleet Admiral Sakazuki, expressing approval of the latter's personal motto of "Thorough Justice" and seeking the Fleet Admiral's approval for himself, showing an even more radical vision of Justice bordering on totalitarian fanaticism. However, this has not prevented Ryokugyu from disregarding Sakazuki's orders to do what he wants, and he takes steps to prevent the fleet admiral from learning about his rogue actions. With that said, though, Ryokugyu made the decision to go to Wano against orders because he believed that Sakazuki would appreciate him for killing Luffy. When Ryokugyu went to Wano, Sakazuki appeared to be very displeased and exasperated at the admiral going missing and giving vague answers about his location, though upon learning of Ryokugyu's destination, he was seemingly resigned to the fact his subordinate would